
VOL .10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 20, 1875. 



NO. 6. 



.A. id ir, i nsr ik: i nsr g- if o tt ilt t ^ i isr . 




WE give herewith an engraving of a drinking fountain. 
We imagine that some of our little readers will ask, when 
they see it. "What is a drinking fountain?" 

The water which is brought into old cities for the use of the 
people, comes by means of pipes which are buried in the 
ground. These pipes bring 
the water into the yards and 
houses of the citizens, and 
they pay taxes for the water. 
In many cities, where there 
is a large population, it is 
very difficult to get a drink 
of water. It is true that a 
thirsty person might knock 
at the door of some house 
and beg a drink; but not 
many would like to do so, 
and it is seldom done. 
There are drinking saloons 
where beer, ale and drinks 
of various kinds are sold, 
and mauy of the people, 
and especially the working 
classes, go to them to quench 
their thirst. The result is, 
in many instances, men ac- 
quire the habit of drinking 
strong drinks and become 
drunkards. The increase 
of drunkenness in cities 
has caused many kind, be- 
nevolent and gocd people 
to mourn. They saw the 
misery which this dreadful 
habit of drinking beer and 
ale and other drinks pro 
duced, and they desired to 
have those who indulged in 
this habit forsake it. They 
showed them how wicked it was, how much injury it did, hew 
poor and miserable it kept them, for many would spend all 
their earnings for drink and their families would be hungry 
and destitute of clothing and other comforts. But they saw 
that to keep men away from drinkiug saloons, they must 
furnish them other means of quenching their thirst. If a 




man fond of liquor was thirsty, he would be strongly tempted 
on passing a drinking saloon, to go in and buy something to 
drink. Then these benevolent people who were desirous to 
put a stop to drunkenness, thought of drinking fountains. 
These fountains were put up in the hot, dusty cities, on the 

sides of the streets, the 
water pipes were led into 
them so as to furnish a 
steady stream — pure, free, 
life-giving. Men, women 
and children, dogs, horses 
and cattle by going to these 
fountains can have a cool 
draught of water to slake 
their thirst. If you have 
ever been far from water 
and thirsty, you know how 
great a blessing is a drink 
ot cool, pure water. In 
cities many a poor horse 
has died for the want of it; 
many a poor dog has run 
mad for want of it; and 
many a poor working man 
has gone to the beer and 
liquor saloons, because 
it was easier to buy beer 
and liquor than to get a 
drink of water. 

After all, there is no 
beverage so suitable for 
man or beast as water. 
There is nothing to equal it 
in quenching the thirst. 
God has furnished it in 
abundance, and it is so 
necessary to our comfort, 
that we ought not to stint 
it to ourselves or our 
animals. In our land water is a vital necessity. We cannot 
make a settlement without its aid. And howmany pure, 
crystal, mountain streams we have pouring their life-giving 
presence into our valleys, supplying our orchards, fields and 
gardens with necessary nourishment; No need for drinking 
fountains in our cities or settlements. The clear little rivulets 





62 



J" XT \T IE ZLST I L B IUSTE/TJOTOR. 




which flow down the sides of our strees are convenient for 
man's use and to quench the thirst of animals. But yet there 
are men who make fools of themselves hy drinking intoxicating 
drinks! Some boys, too, we hear, are so destitute of sense as 
to drink liquor. What will they become if they continue 
this habit? Poor, miserable, degraded creatures, whom people 
will pity and despise, whose society will be shunned, and who, 
if they do not repent of and forsake their evil habit, will fill 
drunkards' graves. This is a terrible penalty to pay for 
drinking, and yet it is that which many have paid, and others 
who take the same course will have to pay. Juveniles, take 
our advice, stick to water as a beverage, never be tempted to 
taste strone drinks. 



ZtTO^IEXj IR, IE ^ ID I 3ST G- . 



BY ROLLO. 




TPiie amount of novel reading indulged in by the young people 
X of both sexes is really alarming, and the sale of sensational 
story papers far exceeds that of any of the better kinds of 
periodicals. On a Saturday evening a person may notice 
crowds of men and women, boys and girls, standing around in 
front of the book stores waiting for the books to arrive; and 
they stay there till the mail does arrive, even if they have to 
wait an houf or two. And when they get their papers they 
cannot wait until they get home, but must open and read them 
by the light of the shop windows. Now, to a person who 
does not read them, this mania seems absurd, because there 
are no practical suggestions that might be turned to any use 
in them; there is nothing in fact, but love and Indian stories, 
and the poorest kind at that. But if they start on a story they 
must finish it, if they wade through two feet of snow to get the 
papers containing the continuation. It is amusing to hear some 
young people talk about novels, and come to the conclusion that 
one was better than the other, "because it w r as more exciting." 

It is a remarkable fact that there is scarcely a novel written 
but there is a beautiful woman in it, with "cheeks 'ike roses 
(painted of course), teeth like pearls," etc., and where they 
get all the beautiful women from passes my comprehension. 
If it is not a love story, it is a recital of some poor, ragged 
urchin, whom some kind, old benevolent gentleman picks up 
out of the gutter. The urchin is usually smart, and he makes 
such rapid strides that in a year or two he is a millionaire. Or 
if he docs not rise himself, the novel writers generally make 
him have a duke for a father, and when the duke dies, the 
aforesaid urchin becomes heir to a million dollars. There is 
one thing certain, and that is, the persons who read such 
papers and novels, can not or do not think of any thing else 
but them. They cannot think of the utter folly of reading 
such trash, or they would not read ic. 

I remember that about a year or two ago a certain Sunday 
School in this city had a number of books, with speckled 
covers, some histories of the ancients and some of prominent 
persons of modern times. These books laid in the library, 
sorted over and over every Sunday, but very few were taken 
away. Being history, they were "toodry," and the "specklies" 
(as they were called) laid there, read by nobody, although there 
is no doubt, if they had been read they would have proved 
highly beneficial to the readers. But no, the "specklies" 
were shunned, as if they were a pestilence instead of a store- 
house of knowledge and truth. 

Various are the excuses given by different persons for reading 
novels. Ask one why he reads them and he will 'ell you "to 



gain a knowledge of the best styles of writing;" this is a 
specious plea, and is often urged. But it is false. The 
individual who makes this his motive for reading several thousand 
pages of fiction is self-deceived. They create nothing but 
artificial interest, which gives them the preference, and there 
is scarcely a novel written in a style worthy of being employed 
in writing a veritable book. One of the silliest objects in the 
world is an individual melted to tears, while reading a novel, 
weeping over the phantasm which the author has made to 
flit before the mind. God never intended our feelings to be 
exercised thus. But suppose you could acquire the best style 
by reading novels, are you ignorant of the fact that the mind 
becomes assimilated to that which it habitually contemplates? 
After reading novels, the very objects which you ought to be 
familiar with have no attraction for you, because your natural 
relish has been perverted. Some read novels "to gain a 
knowledge of history, because they are founded on it." This 
is false. Examine carefully the historical part of any novel, 
and you will find in comparing it with veritable history, 
that the writer has only used facts to give an air of truth to 
his works, and in many cases, he lias awfully distorted even 
these in order to adapt them. Some read them "to gain a 
knowledge of human nature." This is also wrong, for you 
cannot gain a knowledge of human nature, by reading them. 
Examine carefully any novel, and you will find that, with 
comparatively few exceptions, the characters with which you 
are so much delighted are merely phantoms. They exist 
only in the fertile brain of the author, and yet some persons 
read novels to gain a knowledge of human nature. 

"You do wrong in reading novels, because you destroy your 
power of concentration of mind. It is a well known fact that 
novels require less mental exercise than any other kind of 
reading. A mind wholly absorbed in fiction becomes dwarfish 
and unfit for the actual duties of life. The reason is obviously 
because the imasination isexeieised. and the reasoning faculties 
lie dorment. Feed the mind on fancies, and it will become 
nervous and enervated, but feed it on truth, and the result will 
be on the opposite side. Exercise your reasoning powers. 
Store your mind with truth, that alone is beautiful; and you 
will find that thought is productive; each effort better capaci- 
tates the mind for the next. You will make a geometrical 
progression. Whereas in novel reading your mind resembles 
the cup of Tantalus — an ever-flowing stream enters, but the 
water rises not." 



Learn to sat No. — Young man learn to say "No." When 
you are tempted, utter it with a will — "No." When fair 
hands offer you the wine-cup say it gently, yet with unwaver- 
ing firmness — "No." A young companion invites you to the 
billiard-room, or the gaming-house. Do you think it would 
be well to go? "No." Well then, how will you answer him? 
"I — I — I think I wont go to-night. " He will collar you and 
say, "Oh, come along now." If you add. with bated breath, 
"I was brought up not to go to such places." he will say, "Be 
your own man; I wouldn't always be tied to my mother's 
apron-string: come on;" and on you go like a dumb ox to the 
slaughter. A decided and emphatic "Ao," which would have 
made your tempter feel that your self-respect was touched by 
his proposal, would have sent him away to return on such an 
errand no more. 



The slander of some people is as great a recommendation 
as the praise of others. 





0" TJ "V" E 1ST I L E I1TSTRTJCTOR. 



63 




OOZR,^!... 



V[7no would think that those tiny whitish-yellow, worm- 
T like objects, which anyone who has been in tropical 
waters may have seen waving about under water, at a depth 
ranging between one fathom and thirty fathoms, clustered in 
myriads about a lump of white rock, were the contract jrs for 
the great works which, under the name of corals form so 
prominent a feature on the face of the globe? For a long 
while it was supposed they were not so; it was even denied 
that they were animals at all. To the vegetable kingdom 
they were relegated, and remained its subjects till about the 
year 1720, when Peysonnel, a physician at Marseilles, having 
given much time and study to the subject, announced that 
corallia were undoubtedly animals. At first he met with 
the reception every propounder of a new truth must look for — 
he was ridiculed; but he lived long enough to see his assertion 
confirmed and adopted by all the eminent men in the scientific 
world. 




HERRINGBONE CORALLINE. 
The corallia, though divided into several classes, have 
certain general characteristics in common. They are all polyps 
— that is, contractile animals, having an intestinal cavity — 
with distinct terminal mouth, surrounded by tentacles or 
radiating lobes. Most of them secrete a hard, calcareous 
substance, with which they build their habitation, or "poly- 
pary," as it is called. This polypary has a different shape, 
according to the sort of animals working within it. Some 
polyparies are branched like boughs of trees, as the poly 
pary of the Madrepores and Millipores; some are like bun- 
dles of tubes bound together, and are called from that 
circumstance, "organ coral;" others, as the 'Tsis hippuris," 
which is found in the Indian Sea, consist of a number of 
calcareous bones connected by horny joints. The fan-shaped 
coral and the curious brain coral are well known. Blood coral, 
a red coral found only in the Mediterranean, and at some 
depth, is irregularly shaped, and is rarely of any considerable 
size though the price it fetches, on account of its rarity and 
beauty, is very great. Pink coral, also from the Mediterranean, 
is highly prized. 

( To he Continued. ) 




What relation is your uncle's brother, who is not your uncle? 
Your father. 



merua* 



BY G. M. O. 



THE AZTECS. 



( Continued. ) 



THE Mexican calendar stone was found buried in the great 
square during the year 1790, and is now preserved in the 
Museum of Antiquities in the City of Mexico, along with 
the sacrificial stone. The calendar is eleven feet eight inches 
in diameter, and was carved from a mass of porous basalt. 
It was a fixture of the Aztec temple. The Aztec .year, 
like ours, consisted of three hundred and sixty-five days; 
or rather, it was composed of eighteen months, of twenty 
days each, which would make only three hundred and sixty 
days; but, at the end of the last month, they added five 
days, which they called 'Nemontemi," or useless, because 
they did nothing in these days but receive and return visits. 
Nor did they add what is called the intercalary day every four 
years, as we do, but, at the expiration of every fifty second 
year added thirteen days. Their century consisted of fifty-two 
years, which was subdivided into four periods of thirteen 
years each. Two centuries — one hundred and four years — 
formed an age. The method adopted by the Aztecs to compute 
time was common to all the polished nations of Anahuea 
(Mexico), without any variation except in names and figures. 
The Chiapanese, a nation the most distant from the capital, 
instead of the names and figures of the rabbit, the cane, flint 
and house of the Aztecs, used the names of "Votan," 
"Lambat," "Been," and "Chinax;" these were the names of 
illustrious men among their ancestors. 

The religion of the Aztecs was most cruel and superstitious. 
Clavigero says if we compare the religion of the Mexicans 
with the mythology of the Greeks and Romans we shall find 
the latter the most superstitious and ridiculous, the former the 
most cruel. Those nations of Europe imputed to their gods 
the most atrocious crimes, and stained their worship with the 
most scandalous ceremonies. The Mexicans imagined their 
gods perfect, and however cruel they were in their worship 
there was nothing about it repugnant to decency. 

The Aztecs had an imperfect idea of a supreme independent 
Being, whom they acknowledged, feared and adored. They 
represented him in no external form, because they believed 
him to be invisible, and named only by the common appella- 
tion "Teotl" (God). At times they applied to him certain 
epithets denoting his power, such as "Ipalnemoani" — he by 
whom we live; and "Tloque Nahuaque" — he who has all in 
himself. They also believed in an evil spirit, called the 
"rational owl," and a place called "Mictlan." or hell; here 
reigned a god called "Mictlantetli" — lord of hell. Among the 
many deities worshiped by the Mexicans there were thirteen 
principal or great gods. "Tezeatlipoca"— Shining Mirror — 
was the greatest after the invisible god. "Quetzalcoatl," 
the god of air, was of a fair complexion, and was called the 
"fair god." He was said to have once been high priest of 
Tula. He was worshiped by the nations of Mexico univer- 
sally. Dr. Siguenza imagined this god was the apostle St. 
Thomas. The god most honored by the Aztecs was "Mexitli," 
or "Huitzilopochtli," the god of war; he was considered their 
chief protector. Of this god some said he was a pure spirit, 
others that he was born of woman without man's assistance. 





64: 



JTJTBUILE IUSTBTJCTOB 





It was this god they said conducted them for so many years in 
their pilgrimage and at length settled them where they after- 
wards built the great city of Mexico. It is from his name the 
word Mexico is derived. The Aztecs' gods were generally the 
same as those of the other nations of Anahuac, differing only 
in a greater or less celebrity in some of their rites. The god 
most celebrated in Mexico was "Mexitli;" in Cholula and 
Huexotzinco, "Quetzalcoatl;" among the Totonacas, "Cen- 
teotl; among the Otomics, "Mixcoatl." The Tlascalans, 
although the constant enemies of the Mexicans, worshiped 
the same gods, and their most favored one was Mexitli, but 
under another name — "Camaxtle." The number of the 
images by which these deities were represented in the temples, 
streets, houses and groves, was infinite. They were made of 
stone, clay, wood, gold and other metals. The divinity of 
these gods was acknowledged by prayers, kneeling.and prostra- 
tions, with vows, fasts and other austerities, with human sacri- 
fices and offerings. They not only believed the soul of man, 
to be immortal, but that the same was the case with that of 
the brute. But "Quetzalcoatl" — Feathered Serpent, or Fair 
God — demands the most interest from us. They figured him 
tall and of a fair complexion, with long hair and beard. From 
a love of decency he always wore a long robe; he possessed the 
greatest industry; he was supposed to have had the most pro- 
found wisdom, which he displayed in the laws which he left 
to mankind; in fact, he is said to have been most rigid and 
exemplary in manners. Besides the decency and sweetness of 
his manners, he showed aversion to all kinds of cruelty, so 
much so that he could not bear to hear the very mention of 
war. To him they owed their knowledge of melting metals, 
the laws governing their religious rites, and by some to him is 
attributed the arrangement of the calendar. It was generally 
believed that he suddenly disappeared, but would in time 
return to the country and again, as their great high priest, 
govern the people. So firmly was this tradition impressed 
on the mind of Montezuma, and, in fact, upon the minds of 
the Aztecs generally, that when Cortez landed, the emperor 
summoned his council, consisting of the king of Tezcuco and 
other high dignitaries, and it was unanimously decided that he 
was the "fair god," returning to the country, as predicted, and 
this was one of the main causes of the easy subjugation of the 
emperor and his people. 

The Aztecs had not only made a great proficiency in astron- 
omy, but their political and military government, their social law 
and customs, their language, poetry, music, painting, sculp- 
ture, mosaic works and architectural knowledge were of an 
advanced order. Laying aside their inhuman sacrificial super- 
stitions, their morality was above that of the fillibustering 
horde that subjugated them. 

The Aztecs or Mexicans were themselves invaders, whose 
extended dominion was less than two hundred and fifty years 
old, although they had been much longer in the valley of 
Anahuac; in fact, but a few years previous to the landing of 
Cortez, they had completed this conquest. But they did not 
come from abroad; they belonged to the country, dwelling 
somewhere in the south in obscurity. By some writers it has 
been assumed that they came to Mexico from the north; but 
investigations have made it probable that they went from the 
south. Mr. Squire says: "The hypothesis of a migration from 
Nicaragua and Cuscutlan to Anahuac is altogether more conso- 
nant with probabilities and with tradition than that which 
derives the Mexicans from the north; and it is a significant fact 
that on the map of migrations, presented by Genielli, the 

ace of the origin of the Aztecs is designated by the sien of 



water — "atl" — standing for Aztlan, a pyramidal temple with 
grades, and near these a palm tree. Humboldt and Baldwin 
also think this indicates a southern origin. According to the 
native histories, as reported by Clavigero, they began their 
migration about A. D. 1600. Another result of investigation 
is reached as follows. Says Mr. Baldwin: "The Mexicans 
stated that their calendar was reformed some time after leaving 
Aztlan, and that, in the year 1519, eight cycles of fifty-two 
years each, and thirteen years of a ninth cycle, had passed 
since the reform was made. This carries back the beginning 
of their migration beyond the year 1090 A. D. They grew to 
supremacy by conquest of the small states into which the 
country was divided, and learned from their more cultivated 
neighbors to reform their calendar." 

(To be Continued.) 



TIKE J^T^T OIF GOIiTIISra-. 



BY R. J. FILCE, KAYSVILLE. 



FOR several centuries a system has obtained of circulating 
coins or money in exchange for arlicles of commerce. 
This circulating medium, when first introduced in England, 
was manufactured by what is known as hand power, a very 
slow process indeed compared with the improvements of 
to-day, the contrast between which is what I wish to show to 
the rising generation. 

In the year 1650 an improvement was made in the manufac- 
ture of coins, at which time perfection was no doubt aimed at, 
and, in the minds of some, really reached. After these 
improvements were made it took the arduous labors of seven 
men and two boys one week to accomplish what can easily be 
performed by one youth at the present time, with the aid of 
powerful and ingenious machinery, in about eight hours. 
Again, so rapid has been the advancement in the art of coin- 
ing of late years that what required the combined labors of 
twelve men and two boys to perform in 1850, by the most 
improved machinery then known, can now be accomplished 
with ease by one little boy, with the aid of more recent 
machinery, in about one-fourth of the time. In some instances 
modern inventions have superseded the use of men and boys 
altogether, which has been the case in many other manufac- 
tures as well. 

Gold is a metal known by its color, of which there are three 
different shades or colors, according to the country in which it 
is found. These various shades are very apparent when placed 
side by side with each other. The gold obtained from Peru 
and Chili, in the west and south-west of South America, is, 
when pure, of a brownish color, that from California is of a 
pale yellow color; while that from Australia, or New Holland, 
is of a pale green, with the yellow predominating. Gold is 
ilso one of the heaviest metals (it was supposed to be the 
heaviest of all, but modern scientific discoveries have proved 
platinum to be of denser specific giavity), and its great scarcity, 
value, beauty and usefulness cause it to be held in high 
esteem by mankind. It is remarkable for its malleability, or 
tension; it is so very tenacious that one fourth part of an 
ounce weight of it is capable of being drawn out without 
breaking a distance of one English mile, 1,V60 yards or 5,280 
feet; and, the more it is hammered, rolled or drawn, the softer 
it becomes. To prepare it for public usefulness, that is, to 
give it hardness, or durability, it has to be "alloyed," that is, 
mixed up with inferior metals, the details of which would 
come under the head of "metallurgy." The different qualities 





J" TJ "V E 1ST I !_. IE IITSTBTJCTOB 



65 





of alloyed gold are known by the number of "carats" or parts 
of fine gold it contains. Thus, fine gold contains twenty-four 
carats of the pure metal and no alloy. What is called "stand- 
ard gold, ' ' such as coin and wedding rings are made of, contains 
twenty-two carats, or parts, fine, and two carats, or parts alloy; 
eighteen carat, such as good gold watch cases or chains are 
made of, contains six parts alloy; common gold jewelry is made 
up of nine or ten carat gold, hence, it contains fourteen 
or fifteen parts alloy. The various qualities of gold are decided 
by the application of certain tests such as aquafortis or nitric 
acid, this acid when placed on gold from fourteen to twenty- 
four^ carats fine, remaining unchanged in appearance, and 
looking like a spot of water on the gold; when applied to gold 
inferior to that it commences to turn red, and in time would 
eat its way through the surface of the metal; when applied to 
anything inferior to this, it will change to a green. The fine 
gold is conveyed from the bank to the mint and accurately 
weighed, even to a grain, and a strict account kept of the 
weight of gold received; it is then placed in crucibles made of 
the very finest plumbago (blaeklead) for the purpose of being 
melted, which is done by subjecting it to a great heat in a 
furnace. To every twenty-two pounds of fine gold placed in the 
erucible, two pounds of inferior metal is added, this making it 
"standard" or twenty-two carat gold. After being well mixed 
up while in a molten state, it is poured out into cast iron 
moulds, which shape it into bars or ingots, about twenty four 
inches long, by one and half inches wide, and one inch thick, 
weighing about twenty-five pounds each. They are then 
assayed or tested to see if the quality is right; after being care- 
fully weighed each bar being numbered, the weight of each bar 
is marked thereon, and made to correspond with the weight and 
number in the books, when it is conveyed into a rolling mill. 
The rolling process is performed with great skill, and is done 
to solidify, compress and equalize the thickness of the metal; 
the assayed bars of gold are run through heavy steel rollers, 
on which is jjlaced thousands of tons pressure by means of 
large screws turned by immense levers. When the metal has 
been reduced from its original thickness to about three-eighths 
of an inch thick, which is done by passing it through the rollers 
about seven times, it becomes so hard and brittle that further 
pressure would cause a breaking up of the metal. This is 
done by first cutting it into convenient lengths, (for it has now 
become very long, ) by placing it between the jaws of massive 
shears that could instantly cut in two a piece of solid metal 
the size of a horse's neck. It is then further annealed by 
placing it in seamless copper tubes, rendered air tight by means 
of loamy clay, and is now placed on an iron wagon and run 
into a long furnace capable of heating metal to a melting heat. 
The utmost care and attention is now absolutely necessary, as 
the least mistake would cause a great disaster; that is, it 
would cause the copper tubes and the gold inside of them to 
melt together. When sufficiently heated, it is taken out of 
the furnace and plunged into cold water. It is now soft and 
pliable, and is still further reduced by passing it through 
smaller rollers a sufficient number of times, until it becomes 
as thin as required. This la>t operation is not done without 
exercising the utmost patience, skill and care; for the excel- 
lence of the coin depends a great deal upon the skill of the 
metal-roller. So accurately can the weight of the "blank" be 
determined by the thickness of the metal, that it is now 
possible for an experienced man to tell to a small fraction of a 
grain what the weight of a blank would be when cut out of a 
strip of metal. This is determined by the use of guages. 
(To he Continued.) 



Xj IE A R, IN" .A. TRADE, 



1 never look at my old steel composing rule that I do not 
bless myself that, while my strength lasts, I am not at the 
mercy of the world. If my pen is not wanted I can go back 
to the type-case and be sure to find work; for I learned the 
printer's trade thoroughly — newspaper work, job work, book 
work, and press work. I am glad I have a good trade. It is 
a rock upon which the possessor can stand firmly. There is 
health and vigor for both mind and body in an honest trade. 
It is the strongest and surest part of the self-made man. Go 
from the academy to the printing office, or the artizan's 
bench, or, if you please, to the farm — for be sure true farming 
is a trade, and a grand one at that. Lay thus a sure foundation, 
and, after that, branch off into whatever profession you 
please. 

You have heard, perhaps, of the clerk who had faithfully 
served Stephen Girard from boyhood to manhood. On the 
twenty-first anniversary of his birth-day he went to his 
master and told him his time was up, and he certainly expected 
important promotion in the merchant's service. But Girard 
said to him — 

"Very well. Now go and learn a trade." 

"What trade, sir?" 

"Good barrels and butts must be in demand while you live. 
Go and learn the cooper trade; and when you have made a 
perfect barrel bring it to me." 

The young man went away and learned the trade, and in 
time brought to his old master a splendid barrel of his own 
make. Girard examined it, and gave the maker two thous- 
and dollars for it, and then said to him — 

"Now, sir, I want .you in my counting-room; but henceforth 
you will not be dependant upon the whim of Stephen Girard. 
Let what will come, you have a good trade always in reserve." 

The young man saw the wisdom, and understood. 

Years ago, when the middle-aged men of to-day were boys, 
Horrace Greeley wrote: 

"It is a great source of consolation to us that when the 
public shall be tired of us as an editor, we can make a satis- 
factory livelihood at setting type or farming; so that while our 
strength lasts ten thousand blockheads, taking offense at 
some article they do not understand, could not drive us into 
the poor house." 



oonsrTj"3sriDE,Tj"^vd:s. 



What gives a cold, cures a cold, and pays the doctor? A 
draught. 

Why is the letter D an interloper? Because it in-judiciously 
stands between II and I. 

What can't you name without breaking it? Silence. 

Why is a fretful man like a hard baked loaf? Because he 
is crusty. 

Why is a prudent man like a pin? Because his head 
prevents him going too far. 

What is the the worst seat to hold one up? Conceit. 

What goes against a farmer's grain? His reaping-machine. 

What is the difference between a hill and a pill? One is 
hard to get up and the other is hard to get down. 

What is that which, when thrown out, you may catch 
without hands? A hint. 

What goes best only when tired? A wagon wheel. 

What sort of a drum is that which is best when it cannot be 
beaten' A conun-drum. 




■JS&z 



f> 



66 



TTT"V" 






IUSTBTJOTOR. 




f 



•l\ 



®t^ jfstvenilq |(n;strnctoif. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


- EDITOR. 


SATDKDAY, MARCH 20, 


1875. 




EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 

OULD anj T one who knows anything of the 
way ships are controled think it wise to 
send a ship to sea, to encounter the boi- 
sterous winds and the tempestuous ocean, 
without a rudder, sails or anchor? If a 
ship builder were to launch a ship and 
leave her to make a voyage in such a con- 
dition, he would be thought crazy. The 
wise ship owner is very careful when he 
has a vessel built to have her properly fitted 
out. He is careful to have all the timber of 
which she is built sound and strong, to have 
<- the hull well fastened, well calked and proper- 
ly sheathed with copper; to have good masts 
and rigging and sails; to have her well supplied with 
anchors and cables; to have strong rudder chains and 
a good wheel to turn the rudder, and well adjusted 
compasses bv which to steer during the light of day 
and the deep, sombre darkness of night. Besides all this, 
when the captain and officers go aboard they are well supplied 
with the necessary instruments to take observations of the 
heavens by day and by night, so as to be able to tell exactly 
what part of the ocean they are in and how far they are from 
and how near they are to land. When the ship is fully pre- 
pared to encounter the dangers of the ocean, she is sent forth 
on her voyage. 

Children in entering upon the voyage of life should be as 
careful to start right and with the necessary equipment as the 
mariner of experience is in starting upon his ocean voyage. 
If they do not, the results may be most disastrjus. Shipwreck 
and eternal 1 iss may be the consequence. They should have 
a determined purpose. This propels them upon their voyage. 
Unless there is a wind to fill the sails of a vessel and push her 
along through the water, she lies listlessly and helplessly, 
tossed to and fro by the movement of the waves. The move- 
ment of the rudder has no effect upon her. But when she is 
under headway through the water, propelled by wind filling 
her sails, the slightest movement of the rudder is felt and she 
answers to it. 

So with men and women. If they have a determined pur- 
pose, they are driven along. They do not lie still, listlessly 
and idly. Then if they have the Holy Spirit to guide them, 
it acts as a compass and a rudder. They feel its slightest 
impulse and should obey it. Certainly the Holy Spirit can be 
more felt by an industrious man or woman who has a purpose, 
than by an idle person who merely vegetates. 

The Holy Spirit points out the best and nearest course to reach 
the desired destination. They who follow its guidance reach 
the haven of rest at the end of the voyage with the least 
danger and difficulty. 



CJPEAKTNG of having a purpose, how pleasant and cheering 
O it is to see boys and girls start out with one. Each say "lam 
a Latter-day Saint, and, with God's help, I shall continue to 
be such." But temptation presents itself. They are in com- 



pany, and sit down to table. Tea and coffee are offered to all. 
They see those whom they respect take them. They are also 
pressed to partake. If they have a purpose, and are true to 
it, they decline. They firmly, but respectfully say, no. They 
remember what God has said about hot drinks. The boy 
becomes a young man. He falls in company with those who 
smoke or chew tobacco. He is offered a cigar. If he feels 
ashamed because he cannot smoke, and thinks his companions 
will look upon him as unmanly or inferior, he is in danger. 
He probably will try to learn to use the abominable stuff. But 
if he remembers his purpose — that he is a Latter-day Saint, 
whose God has plainly said that tobacco is not good for man — 
he will firmly decline to use it, and convey to them that he 
thinks himself better off without it. 

Again, he may be thrown into company with those who 
drink, and who may press him to join with them. It may 
seem ungracious for him to refuse; but if he should be true 
to his purpose, he will do so. He will remember that his God 
has said, that strong drinks are for the washing of the body 
on the outside, not on the inside. 

So, if he should be thrown into the company of the profane, 
he will not copy but he will shun, their example. He will 
remember the commandment: "Thou shalt not take the name 
ot the Lord thy God in vain; for the Lord will not hold him 
guiltless who taketh his name in vain." 

Thus he will remember his purpose and be a Latter-day 
Saint in all places and among all people. Will he lose any 
influence by taking this course? Not the least. 

Men admire iutegrity and firmness and sincerity. A man 
who smokes and chews tobacco knows they are filthy habits. 
He admires a man who has sufficient courage and strength 
to refuse to adopt them even though they are popular. 

The man who drinks, secretly admires the man who refuses 
to drink, and respects him the more for his refusal. So, 
also, with the profane man; he knows the habit is a bad one, 
and he holds a man in greater honor in his secret feelings who 
abstains from profanity than he does those who are like him- 
self. 

Latter-day Saints may drink tea and coffee, and they may 
try and persuade others to drink them; but they respect them 
more when they refuse than they would if they yielded to 
their offers. 

There is a feeling of admiration in the breast of every intel- 
ligent being who is not entirely corrupted, for virtue and 
godliness, and they cannot but respect and secretly honor those 
who are true to principle. 

CU"I/riVATF. liberality in children. Bo not fear the effect of 
' teaching them to be kind and liberal. We have known 
parents who mourned over their children because they were so 
free in giving away whatever they had. They seemed to think 
their children would always be poor because they were not 
selfish. This is a great mistake. The prophet Isaiah says: 
"But the liberal deviseth liberal things, and by liberal things 
shall he stand." God loveth a liberal giver. Men also admire 
liberality, and are always disposed to deal more fairly and 
kindly with one who has this character than with a stingy or 
selfish man. 

Contact with the world is apt to harden men and make them 
more selfish. Therefore, if children start out in the beginning 
of life with a disposition of this kind, they are apt to become 
grasping and unfeeling when they reach mature years, and to 
think of no one's interest but their own. But if too free and 
generous in childhood, contact with the world has a modifying 





J~ TJ "V" IE UST I L IE I1TSTETJCTOR, 



67 




effect, and they very soon learn to have the necessary care for self. 
Selfishness is the bane of society. It is oul, of the great 
obstacles to be conquered by the gospel. \y e therefore say: 
Repress selfish inclinations in children and encourage them to be 
liberal. It is a most lovable and attractive trait in children to 
be generous and free to give. And what is more delightful 
then to see a child thinking more of somebody else's pleasure 
than its own? 



^arresiiaiuletuc. 



Bountiful, Davis Co,, 

., r March 17 ' 187 ' 5 - 

Lilitor Jumntie Instructor: 

Dear Brother:— Sunday last, the 14th inst., was an 
interesting time to the people of North Kanyon ward, it being 
the occasion of the examination of the Sabbath Schools of this 
place. 

After singing by the Sunday School Choir, and prayer by the 
chaplain, pieces were spoken by the children, which consisted of 
Questions and Answers from the Bible and Book of Mormon, 
selections from the Juvenile Instructor, and other publications 
of the Church. In justice to all I must say they acquitted 
themselves admirably, showing with what diligence they had 
employed their own minds, and the untiring energy and persever- 
ance of their teachers. 

Permit me to mention a few names of those who were most 
excellent: 

Master Frank Green — "Happier days to come." William 
Ashby — "Give the little boys a chance." Byron Eldridge — 
"Don't forget the old folks." Miss Eliza Barnett — "New year's 
eve, or the gambler's wife." Harriet E. Jones— "Little drops 
of water." Flora Burgess— •' Look aloft." Nellie Muir— "Little 
women." Laura Ellis and Olivia Johnson— a dialogue between 
a stranger and a Mormon lady. Sister Rebecca Brown's class — 
"Lessons for little learners." Mary Wolstenholm's class— "Ques- 
tions and Answers from the Bible. " Sarah Hogan's class (young 
ladies) — "Questions and Answers from the Book of Mormon." 
Israel Call's class — "Questions and Answers from the Bible." 

The singing by the City Bountiful and South District choirs was 
very good. Brother James Waite has been very diligent and 
persevering in teaching the children music, for which he is well 
cpialitied. Elder N. T. Porter, County Superintendent, addressed 
the meeting, urging upon teachers, superintendents and scholars 
the importance of increasing our subscrptions .for the Juvenile 
Instructor, etc. 

Bishop Anson Call, whose interest has always been with the 
Sabbath School, delivered an address suitable to the occasion. 
He was followed in some excellent remarks by Counsellor John 
Telford. 

Elder Henry Hampton, the ward superintendent, presided on 
this occasion. He is well respected in the position he holds, ever 
manifesting a kind, fatherly, and charitable disposition to all, so 
that his presence in the Sabbath School is at all times felt for 
good. 

Respectfully, 

Charles R. Jones. 



.A. SCOTTISH TZR.A.ZDITIOILSr- 

ARY STORY 



GRIZEL COCHRANE 




THE age which this noble woman adorned with her life and 
heroic actions, was that gloomy one extending between 
the Restoration and Revolution (from ltlfiO to 1688), when the 
Scottish nation suffered under a cruel oppression, on account 



of their conscientious scruples respecting the existing forms of 
church and state. Three insurrections, more bold than wise, 
minced the impatience of the Scotch under this bloody rule; 
but it was with the last solely that Grizel Cochrane was con- 
nected. 

Sir John Cochrane of Ochiltree, the father of our heroine, 
was the second son of the first Earl of Dundonald, and the 
ancestor of the present line of that noble and ingenious family. 
He was a distinguished friend of Sidney, Russell, and other 
illustrious men, who signalised themselves in England by their 
opposition to the court: and he had so long endeavoured in 
vain to procure some improvement in the national affairs, that 
he at length began to despair ot his country altogether, and 
formed the design of emigrating to America. Having gone 
to London in 1683, with a view to a colonising expedition to 
South Carolina, he became involved in the deliberations of the 
Whig party, which at that time tended towards a general 
insurrection in England and Scotland, for the purpose of 
forcing an alteration of the royal councils, and the exclusion 
of the Duke of York from the throne. In furtherance of 
this plan, Sir John pledged himself to assist the Earl of Argyll 
in raising the malcontents in Scotland. This earl was, if not 
the acknowledged head of the party in that kingdom, at 
least the man of highest rank who espoused its interests. 

Ry the treachery of some of the subordinate agents, this 
design was detected prematurely; and while some were unfortu- 
nately taken and executed, among whom were Sidney and 
Lord Russell, the rest fled from the kingdom. Of the latter 
number were the Earl of Argyll, Sir John Cochrane, and Sir 
Patrick Hume of Polwarth — the last a patriot rivalling Coch- 
rane in talent and purity of motives, and also, like him, 
destined to experience the devotedness of a daughter's love. 
The fugitives found safety in Holland, where they remained 
in peace till the death of Charles II.. in February 1685, when 
the Puke of York, the object, politically, of their greatest 
detestation, became king. It was then determined to invade 
Scotland with a small force, to embody the Highland adherents 
of Argyll with the west-country Presbyterians, and, marching 
into England, to raise the people as they moved along, and 
not rest till they had produced the desired melioration of the 
state. The expedition sailed in May; but the government was 
enabled to take such precautions as, from the very first, proved 
a complete frustration to their designs. Argyll lingered timidly 
in his own country, and finally, against the advice of Cochrane 
and Hume, who were his chief officers, made some unfortunate 
movements, which ended in the entire dissolution of his army, 
and his own capture and death. While this well-meaning but 
weak nobleman committed himself to a low disguise, in the 
vain hope of effecting his escape, Sir John Cochrane and Sir 
Patrick Hume headed a body of 200 men, formed out of the 
relics of the army, and bravely resolved, even with that small 
force, to attempt the accomplishment of their original intention 
— namely a march into England. They accordingly crossed 
the Clyde into Renfrewshire, where they calculated on obtain- 
ing some reinforcement. The boats on this occasion being 
insufficient to transport the whole at once, the first party, 
headed by the two patriots, was obliged to contend, on the 
opposite bank of the river, with a large squadron of militia, 
while the boats returned for the remainder; after which the 
united force caused their opponents to retreat. The militia 
returned, however, in greater force, and renewed the assault 
at a place called Muirdykes, in the parish of Lochwinnoch. 

They were now commanded by Lord Ross and Captain 
Clellan, and amounted to two troops, while Sir John (VI 





68 



CT XT ^7" IE XT I X.. IE IlTSTBL"CTOB 




rane's men had decreased to seveDty in number. In this 
predicament, they w»re called on by the royal troops to lay 
down their arms, and surrender themselves prisoners. Pre- 
ferring the risk of death on the field to the tender mercies of 
a vindictive foe, they rejected the terms with disdain, and 
entering a sheepfold, used its frail sod-walls as a defense 
against the furious attack of the enemy, whom, after a keen 
conflict, in which every man fought hand to hand with his 
opponents, they at length succeeded in beating off, with the 
loss of their captain and some other men, while Lord Ross 
was woundel. Cochrane, however, soon after learned that the 
enemy was returning with a great reinforcement, and fearing 
that he could not much longer defend himself on the field, 
retired with his troops to a neighboring wilderness or morass, 
where lie dismissed them, with the request that each man 
would provide the best way he could for his own safety. For 
himself, having received two severe contusions in his own body 
during the engagement, and being worn out with fatigue, he 
sought refuge in the house of his uncle, Mr. Gavin Cochrane 
of Craigmuir, who lived at no great distance from the place of 
encounter. This gentleman, however, as it unfortunately 
happened, had married a sister of the Captain Clellan killed 
in the late battle, and tilled with revenge for the death of her 
brother, this lady secretly informed against her guest, who 
was immediately seized, and removed to Edinburg, where, 
after being paraded through the streets, bound and bareheaded, 
and conducted by the common executioner, he was lodged in 
the Tolbooth, on the 3rd of July 1685, there to await his 
trial as a traitor. The day of trial came, and he was con- 
demned to death, in spite of the most strenuous exeitions of 
his aged father, the Earl of Dundonald, who, having received 
his title from the hands of Charles II. , had, from motives of 
honor, never conspired against him. 

Where is the tongue that can express all the secret and 
varied anguish that penetrates the yearning heart, when 
about to leave for ever the warm precincts of mortality, to 
quit the loving charities of life, and to have all the cords 
which bound it to existence suddenly torn asunder? Natural 
strength of mind may suffice to conceai much of this mortal 
conflict, or even to hide it altogether from the eye of the 
careless observer, but still it is at work within, and grapples in 
deadly struggle with the spirit. 

Such was the state of Sir John Cochrane's mind on the 
night of his condemnation, when left once more to the 
gloomy solitude of his prison. It was not the parting stroke 
of death he feared, however sharp. He was a father, loving 
and beloved; and the thoughts of the sorrow his children were 
doomed to suffer on his account, wrung his heart; and burning 
tears, which his own fate could not have called forth, were 
shed for them. No friend or relative had been permitted to 
Bee him from the time of his apprehension; but it was now 
signified to him that any of his family he desired to communi- 
cate with might be allowed to visit him. Anxious, however, 
to deprive enemies of an opportunity of an accusation against 
his nuns, he immediately conveyed to them his earnest 
entreaties, and indeed commands, that they should refrain 
from availing themselves of this leave till the night of his 
execution. This was a sacrifice which it required his utmost 
fortitude to make; and it had left him to a sense of the most 
desolate loneliness, insomuch that, when, late in the evening, 
he heard his prison-door unlocked, he lifted not his eyes 
towards it. imagining that the person who entered could only 
be the jailer, who was particularly repulsive in his countenance 
1 manner. What, then, was his surprise and momentary 




delight when he beheld before him his only daughter, and felt 
her arms entwining his neck! Yet, when he looked on her 
face, and saw the expression it bore of mute despairing agony, 
more fearful than the most frantic manifestations of misery, 
and marked her pale cheeks, which no longer bloomed with 
the tints of health and happiness, and felt the cold dampness 
of her brow, he thought himself wrong for having given way 
for an instant to the joy her presence had created, and every 
other sensation fled before his fear of what might be the con- 
sequence to her of this interview. 

( To he Continued.) 



BIRDS 



THE MAGPIE. 



The Magpie is found in very many parts of the world, 
always keeping to well-wooded districts, as if distrusting its 
power of flight in the open country; for the larger hawks are 
prone to fly at the Magpie, which has but little chance of 
escape upon the plain, but can always evade his foe among the 
hedgerows and plantations, by slipping among the branches 
and dodging through the foliage. Even a trained falcon fails 




THE MAGPIE. 

to catch a Magpie when it has once reached such an asylum, 
and the falconer is forced to drive it from its refuge before the 
hawk can secure its prey. In some parts of England, Magpie- 
hawking is a favorite amusement, for the Magpie is fully 
as cunning as a fox, and in spite of all the array of beaters, 
hounds, and horsemen, not unfrequently baffles its pursuers, 
and makes its escape in safety. Doubtless many of our young 
readers are acquainted with the appearance of this bird, as it is 
to be found in different parts of this Territory. By careful 
training it may be taught to pronounce words, and sometimes 
even sentences. 



THE SWIFT. 



This bird is a native of many parts of America, being found in 
Louisiana, Carolina, and even in Pennsylvania,. It is chiefly 
remarkable for the ingenuity which it exhibits in the con- 
struction of its singular nest. Choosing some convenient 
locality, such as a rocky crevice, or the unused chimney of a 
house, the bird commences its labors by putting together a 
slight platform of dry twigs, which it cements together with 
certain vegetable gums. So large is this platform that it 
sometimes causes considerable inconvenience to the inhabitants 
of the house where the swallow has taken up its residence, 





JTJ^T EITILE IITSTBTJCTOB. 



69 




it completely stops up the orifice of the chimney. Upon 
this platform is formed a kind of cradle-nest, also composed 
of small twigs, which are woven into a kind of rude basket 
and also cemented together. 



THE WOODPECKER. 



As is well known, the name of Woodpecker is given to 
these birds from their habit of pecking among the decaying 
wood of trees in order to teed upon the insects that are found 
within. They also chip away the wood for the purpose of 
making the holes or tunnels wherein their eggs are deposited. 
In order to enable them to perform these duties, the structure 
of the Woodpecker is very curiously modified. The feet are 
made extremely powerful, and the claws are strong and sharply 
hooked, so that the bird can retain a firm hold of the tree to 
which it is clinging, while it works away at the bark or wood 
with its bill. The tongue is furnished at the tip with a long, 
horny appendage, and covered with barbs and sharply pointed 
at the extremity, so that the bird is enabled to project this 
instrument to a considerable distance from the bill, transfix an 
insect, and draw it into the mouth. Those insects that are too 
small to be thus treated are captured by means of a glutinous 
liquid poured upon the tongue from certain glands within the 
mouth, and which cause the little insects to adhere to the 





THE SWIFT. THE WOODPECKER. 

weapon suddenly projected among them. This whole arrange- 
ment is clearly analogous to the tongue of the ant-eater. 
The Woodpecker is also a native of this Territory, and the 
peculiar sound produced by its pecking may be heard in almost 
any of our timbered kanyons. 

[To be Continued.) 



STJCOEES IIT LIIFE. 




Benjamin Franklin attributed his success as a public man, 
not to his talents or his powers of speaking— for these 
•were moderate— but to his known integrity of character. 
"Hence it was," he says, "that I had so much weight with my 
fellow citizens. I was but a bad speaker, never eloquent, 
subject to much hesitation in my choice of words, hardly 
correct in language, and yet I generally carried my point." 
Character creates confidence in men of high station as well as 
in humble life. It was said of the first Emperor Alexander 
of Russia, that his personal character was equivalent to a con- 
stitution. During the wars of the Fronde, Montaigne was the 
only man among the French gentry who kept his castle gates 
unbarred; and it was said of him, that his personal character 
was worth more to him than a regiment of horse. That 
character is power, is true in a much higher sense than that 
knowledge is power. Mind without heart, intelligence without 
conduct, cleverness without goodness, arc powers in their way, 
but they may be powers only for mischief. Wo may be 
instructed or amused by them; but it is sometimes as difficult 



to admire them as it would be to admire the dexterity of a 
pickpocket, or the horsemanship of a highwayman. Truth- 
fulness, integrity and goodness — qualities that hang not on any 
man's breath — form the essence of manly character, or, as one 
of our old writers has it, "that inbred loyalty unto virtue 
which can serve her without a livery." When Stephen of 
Colonna fell into the hands of his base assailants, and they asked 
him, in derision, "Where is now your fortress?" "Here," 
was his bold reply, placing his hand upon his heart. It is in 
misfortune that the character of the upright man shines forth 
with the greatest lustre; and when all else fails, he takes stand 
upon his integrity and upon his courage. 



.A. SAGACIOUS IDOC3- 



AT one of the Newfoundland fisheries, a boat and crew 
trying to enter a small harbor found themselves outside a 
long line of breakers, in great peril. The wind and weather 
had changed since the boat had gone out in the morning, and 
her getting back safe seemed pretty doubtful. The people on 
shore saw her danger, but could not help her. Every moment 
increased the danger, and anxious friends ran to and fro. 
Among the crowd was a large dog, which seemed fully alive 




to the peril of the boat and the anxiety of those on shore. 
He watched the boat, surveyed the breakers, and appeared to 
think as earnestly as anybody, What could be done? 

At last he boldly plunged into the angry waters, and swam 
to the boat. The crew thought he wanted to join them, and 
tried to take him aboard. No; he would not go within their 
reach, tut swam around, diving his head and sniffing, as if in 
search of something. 

What was he up to? What did the creature mean? What 
did he want? 

"Give him the end of the rope," cried one of the sailors, 
divining what was in the poor dog's brain; "that's what he 
wants." 

A rope was thrown out; the dog seized the end in an instant, 
turned round, and made straight for the shore, where, not 
long after — thanks to the intelligence and sagacity of Tiger — 
the boat and crew were landed safe and sound. 

Re kind to the doggies. Many a heroic deed and faithful 
service have they done for man. 

We have employments assigned to us for every circumstance 
in life. When wo are alone, we have our thoughts to watch; 
when in the family, our tempers; and when in company, our 
tongues. 





70 



T TT "V IE ICsT I Xj IE I1TSTBUCTOE. 




tsestfonS and j^nawtr$ 

OILST THE BIBLE. 



BOOK OF RUTH. 




LKSS0N LXXXIV. 

Q —What did they do? 

A.— "They lifted up their voices and wept." 

Q. — What reply did they make? 

A.— "Surely we will return with thee unto thy people.'' 

Q._ When Naomi further entreated them, which of the 
daughters-in-law returned to her people? 

A. — Orpah. 

Q.— What did Ruth say? 

A.— "Inlreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following 
after thee: for whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou 
lodgest. I will lodge: thy people shall be my people and thy God 
my Uod." 

Q. — What else did she say? 

A.— "Where thou diest, will I die, and there will I be buried: 
the Lord do so to me, and more also, if ought but death part thee 
and me.'' 

q._-\V iat did Naomi do when Ruth had said those things? 

A.— 'When she saw that she was steadfast minded to go with 
her, then she left speaking unto her." 

Q.— Where did they then go? 

A.-To Bethlehem. 

Q. — What came to pass when they arrived there? 

A.— "AH the eitv was moved about them, and they said, is this 
Naomi''" 

Q.— What answer did she make'' 

A.— "Call me not Naomi, call me Miyra: for the Almighty hath 
dealt very bitterly with me." 

Q._ What season of the year did they arrive in Bethlehem? 

A.— "In the beginning of barley harvest." 

Q.— What was the name of the kinsman of Naomi's husband? 

A.— Boaz. 

Q. — How is he described? 

A. — As "a mighty man of wealth." 

Q —What did Ruth the Moabitess say unto Naomi? 

A.— "Let me now gi to the field, and glean cars of corn after 
him in whose sight I shall find grace." 

Q.— What did Naomi say? 

A. — "Go my daughter.'' 

Q.— When Boaz came to the fi»ld what did he say to the reapers? 

A.— "The Lord be with you." 

Q. — What answer did they make'' 

A. — "The Lord bless thee." 

Q. — When Boaz learned who it was gleaning in the field what 
did he say? 

A. — He told her to stay with his maidens and glean in the same 
field. 

Q. — What did Ruth say in reply to his kindness? 

A. — "Why have I found grace in thine eyes, that thou shouldest 
take knowledge of me, seeing 1 am a stranger?" 

Q. — What answer did Boaz make? 

A. — "It hath fully been shewed me, all that thou hast done unto 
thy mother-in-law since the death of thine husband: and how 
thou hast left thy father and thy mother, and the land of thy 
nativity, and art come unto a people which thou knewest not 
heretofore." 

Q. — What else did he say? 

A.— "The Lord recomponce thy work, and a full reward be 
given thee of the Lord God of Israel under whose wings thou 
art come to trust." 

Q.— What did Naomi say when she learned from Ruth the 
sayings of Boaz 9 

A.— "It is good my daughter, that thou go out with his maidens, 
t they meet thee not in any other field." 



rfhusfions and JLnsttJcrs 

OUST TIEUE 
BOOK OIF INE O R IMI O 1ST . 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXXIV. 

Q. — How did Zerahemna feel? 

A. — He was very angry, and excited the remaining Lamanites 
to battle. 

Q.— What did the Nephites then do? 

A. — The}' began to slay the Lamanites in great number. 

Q. — When Zerahemna saw the great slaughter of his people, 
what did he do? 

A. — He called to Moroni, sayinghe would agree to keep peaceful. 

Q.— What did Moroni do? 

A. — He ordered the slaughter to be stopped. 

Q. — What happened to as many as would thus agree? 

A. — They wcr» allowed to depart in freedom. 

Q. — What privilege did Moroni allow the Lamanites who agreed 
to give up their swords and enter into a covenant of peace? 

a — He allowed them to depart unharmed. 

Q. — How did the remainder of the Lamanites act? 

A. — Being stirred ud by Zerahemna, they fought with great 
valor. 

Q. — After the battle had raged for some time and Zerahemna 
saw his people being destroyed, what did he do? 

A. — He called upon Moroni to cease the slaughter and he would 
covenant to remain peaceable. 

Q. — After Moroni caused the work of destruction to be stopped 
did the Lamanites agree to his conditions 9 

A. — Yes, and they were allowed to depart. 

Q. — What was done with the great number of dead bodies? 

A. — They were thrown into the rive.- Sidon. 

Q. — In what year was this war.' 

A. — In the eighteenth year of the reign of the Judges. 

Q. — How did the Nephites feel at the termination of this 
war? 

A. — They were filled with joy and gave thanks to God. 

Q.- -In the next 3 7 ear what did Alma say, being filled with the 
spirit of prophesy at that time? 

A. — He, speaking to his son Helaman. said that in four hundred 
years after the coming of Christ the Nephites should begin to 
show signs of unbelief. 

Q.— What would De the result of this? 

A.— The people of Nephi would become extinct, and the Laman- 
ites would have the mastery. 

Q. — After saying this what did Alma do? 

A. — He blessed his sons, and blessed the earth for the sake of 
the righteous. 

Q. — When he had also blessed the church and its faithful 
members what did he do? 

A. — He left the land of Zarahemla. 

Q. — Where was he supposed to be going? 

A.— To the land of Melek. 

Q. — What can you tell of his history after this 9 

A. — He never was heard of afterwards. 

Q. — What was believed about his departure? 

A. — It was thought that he was taken up by the spirit or buried 
by the hand of the Lord. 

Q. — What great and good man, mentioned in the Bible, was 
taken in this way? 

A.— Moses. 

Q. — In this same year what did the sons of Alma do? 

A. — They went forth preaching, to establish the church through- 
out the land. 

Q. — What kind of a spirit was manifested by some of the 
members of the church? 

A. — A spirit of pride, on account of their riches. 





jnnriEJiTiZjE iitstructob 




nonynE nycj^isrTJFJLOTXJi^Es. 



SILVER. 



BY BETH. 




One of the most recent manufactories established here is 
that of the "Germania Works," the object of which is to 
separate from the impure bullion the precious metals and im- 
purities it contains. The process by which this is done is 
so interesting and instructive that it will be briefly described 
from the Mining Gazette of 1874. 

"About twenty-three tons of the base bullion, as received 
from the different smelting works is put into one of the largest 
pots, which are five in number, two of them having a capacity 
ef twenty-five tons each. A sharp heat is kept up until the 
impure lead is thoroughly melted, and is sufficiently hot to melt 
the zinc which is the medium of separation. Zinc is em- 
ployed for the separation of gold, silver and copper from lead, 
owing to its possessing a greater chemical affinity for these 
metals than that of lead. 

"As soon as the metal has attained the requisite heat, from a 
half to one per cent, of zinc is added to the molten mass, 
which is well stirred by two men for half an hour, and then 
allowed to remain still for three hours. 

"At the expiration of this time the scum is skimmed off and 
transferred to the pot next in advance. The whole operation, 
from the commencement to this point, occupies about four 
hours." A second addition of zinc is afterwards made to the 
No. 1 pot, which floats up with the remainder of the silver. 

The dross or scum in the second pot is then melted, strained 
and cooled, and the skimmings are transferred to the third 
pot. 

"A similar process is performed in pot No. 3, the dross, 
being skimmed off and transferred to a receptacle called the 
'safe,' and the separated alloy of lead and zinc carried back. 
The remainder of the zinc having been added back to pot No. 
1, it is again stirred and skimmed, the skimmings being put 
aside for a further operation. 

"There is every convenience for running off the contents of 
the various pots into suitable furnaces to be further oper- 
ated on. The furnace having been raised to the requisite 
temperature, the lead pot is tapped and the metal is allowed 
to flow into the furnace. The heat is then kept up and a 
portion of the zinc and antimony is oxydized and escapes in 
the form of fumes, while the remainder forms a scum which 
rises to the surface and covers the bath of lead. The lead 
is well rabbled from time to time with iron rakes, in order 
to expose a fresh surface to the air, and this is continued 
until the lead shows, by samples taken from the furnace, 
that it is pure and ready for tapping. 

This is a most important article for use in the arts and manu- 
factures, chemically pure lead being used for making white lead, 
red lead, etc. The lead is put into moulds that are on wheels that 
can be run under the melting pots. The bars of lead weigh about 
one hundred and forty pounds each and contain on an average 
not more than half a pennj weight of silver to the ton. 

"The dross obtained from the skimmings of No. 1 pot is 
transferred to a flat-bedded calcining or roasting furnace, of 
which there are two in the main building, one for treating 
the pot skimmings, the other for the skimmings from the 
reverberatory furnace. It is here thoroughly roasted at a 
temperature insufficient to soften it, so as to get rid of any 
remaining zinc or antimony, and when sufficiently roasted is 



then put into the flowing furnace, where the lead is separated 
from the iron and other matters which form a slag that is 
worthless. The lead is tapped and returned to No. 1 pot 
with a fresh charge of bullion, when the same routine is again 
gone through." 

The most important process is that of treating the rich 
alloy from pot No. 3, which is taken from the "safe" to the 
shaft furnace, where it is mixed with iron ore, and lead slag in 
proper proportions. 

"After a good heat has been raised in the furnace the 
charging is commenced: the coke is first thrown in and spread 
evenly over the surface. The rich alloy is then charged, being 
all fed against the front of the furnace. The iron ore and lead 
slag are then thrown in and mixed together, and spread evenly 
over the furnace. The heat is maintained so low that the 
furnace at the feed door is perfectly black and quite cool; the 
only flame visible being a small reducing flame running up the 
inside of the front of the furnace, the charge gradually sinks 
and meets the sudden incline, from whence the alloy passes 
down from the zone of fusion, in the centre of the furnace, 
without touching the walls, and is not melted until when 
within a few inches of the tuyeres. By this process the 
copper is obtained as matte, and the gold, silver and lead, 
in the form of a highly enriched lead. This rich alloy is 
tapped off about once every hour and a quarter, and the slag 
about every five minutes." 

This rich alloy is then taken to the cupelling furnace which 
is at this establishment called the "test." It is heated with 
lead in a somewhat similar way to the ordinary method, lead 
being added until the iuipurites are entirely removed. 

The "test" consists of an elliptical frame of wrought iron, 
filled in with bone ash well beaten, and hollowed out in the 
requisite shape. At the back of the furnace are two holes, one 
where the blast pipe enters, and the other for introducing the 
rich bar into the test. The test, which is placed with the 
long axis toward the blast, is left a little thicker at the oppo- 
site end, where the litharge flows over. When the test has 
been raised to a good heat, a sufficient quantity of the rich 
lead is introduced, the whole speedily melts, and the blast 
is now turned on. The oxygen of the air composing the blast 
oxydizes the lead into litharge, and this takes up all foreign 
metals. A proportion of the litharge is absorbed by the test 
but much the larger quantify flows over the end of the test 
furthest from the blast, and is received by iron pots mounted 
on wheels, which are removed as fast as filled. The rich lead 
is continually added until all has been oxydized, and the silver 
is now pure, containing only the gold in the bullion. 

The process of cupellation is here carried on in a scale of 
great magnitude, and the attendant phenomena are corres- 
pondingly grand. The "brightening"* of a mass of molten 
silver, such as is handled here, is exceedingly beautiful; on a 
small scale as in assaying, this has been described in these 
columns. 

The silver is finally run into ingots and assayed, after which 
it is stamped with the degree of fineness, the gold not being 
separated generally at these works. 

Mr. Henry Sieger, the superintendent of these works, presen- 
ted a complete set of specimens of all the furnace products to 
President Brigham Young, among which is a silver brick 
marked 998,50 fine, all of which interesting specimens are 
deposited in the Deseret Museum. 

*The "brightening" is the appearance presented by the assay at tlic 

instant of complete purification from the oxideB of the baser metals, when 
the surface shines like amir j or. 





JUYE1TILE I1TSTBIJOTOB 



SUND J^.IT LESSORS. 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



ON THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON VI. 



Q.— "What effect did it have upon him? 

A.— He could not speak, and thought he -was going to be 
destroyed. 

Q. — What power was it? 

A. — It was the power of the evil one. 

Q.— Did it prevent him from praying. 
, A. — No, he prayed all the more in his heart. 

Q.— "What did he ask the Lord for? 

A. — To deliver him from his enemy. 

Q. — Did the Lord answer his prayer? 

A. — Yes. 

Q. — In what way? 

A. — A great light appeared over his head. 

Q.— Did the light frighten him? 

A. — No. 

Q.— What effect did the light have? 

A. — It made him feel happy and caused the enemy to leave 
him. 

Q. — "Was he surrounded with the light? 

A. — Yes, entirely. 

Q. — How bright was the light' 

A. — It was much brighter than the sun. 

Q. — Did any body appear to him in the great light? 

A. — Yes, two persons. 

Q. — Did either of them speak to him? 

A. — Yes, one of them called him by his name, Joseph. 



Brevity. — Talk to the point, and stop when you have 
reached it. The faculty some possess of making one idea 
cover a quire of paper, is not good for much. Be compre- 
hensive in all you say or write. To fill a volume upon nothing 
is a credit to nobody; though Lord Chesterfield wrote a very 
clever poem upon nothing. There are men who get one idea into 
their heads, and but one, and they make the mostof it. You can 
see it, and almost feel it, when in their presence. On all 
occasions it is produced, till it is worn as thin as charity. 
They remind one of a twenty-four pounder discharged at a 
humming-bird. You hear a tremendous noise, see a volume 
of smoke, but you look in vain for the eflects. The bird is 
scattered to atoms. Just so with the idea. It is enveloped in 
a cloud, and lost amid the rumblings of words and flourishes. 
Short letters, sermons, speeches, and paragraphs, are favorites 
with us. Commend us to the young man who wrote to his 
father— "Dear sir, I am going to be married;" and also to the 
old gentleman who replied— "Dear son, go ahead." Such 
are the men for action. They do more than they say. The 
half is not told in their cases. They are worth their weight 
in gold for every purpose in life. Reader, be short; and we 
will be short with the advice. 




Growing Mushrooms near Paris.— Sixty or seventy 
feet under ground, just outside the fortifications on the south 
side of Paris, are old quarry mines, called the caves of Mon- 
tronge. In some parts of the mines quarrymen are still at 
work, and in one part mushrooms are grown in six or seven 
miles of beds. The soil is merely little heaps of the siftings 
of the gypsum mixed with stable manure. The place is 
warm and dry, and secure from cold. These caves supply 
Paris, England and other countries with mushrooms, large 
quantities of preserved ones being exported. One house 
sends to England 14,000 boxes a year. 




In 1867 another large mushroom cave near Paris contained 
over twenty-one miles of mushroom beds, and last year there 
were in another cave near by sixteen miles of these edible 
fungi. 

Mushrooms require moisture, but not too much of it. The 
caves in which they grow at Paris are dry, and barrels of 
water have to be provided to water them. Most English mines 
are wet under foot and would not do for growing mushrooms, 
the chalk mines being almost the only ones suitable in this 
respect. It would be interesting to visit the caves near 
Paris, and see these old plants growing in their little beds. 



: BO'YS WAHTED 

Boys of spirit, boys of will, 
Boys of muscle, brain and power, 

Fit to cope with anything — 
These are wanted every hour. 

Not the weak and whining drones, 
That all troubles magnify — 

Not the watchword of "I can't," 
But the nobler one, ''I'll try." 

Do what'er you have to do 
"With a true and earnest zeal. 

Bend your sinews to the task — 
"Put your shoulder to the wheel." 

Though your duty may be hard, 

Look not on it as an ill; 
If it be an honest task, 

Do it with an honest will. 

At the anvil, on the farm, 
"Wheresoever you may be — 

From your future efforts, boys, 
Comes a nation's destiny. 



IE IN" I G- im: .a. . 



BY T. C. GRIGGS. 



1 am composed of 38 letters: 

My 34, 36, 7, 38, 4, 31, 11, 35, 22, 14 and 17, is what we 
should all seek for; 

My 21, 1, 5, 12 and 33, is a color; 

My 23, 3, 18, 27, 10, 11, 2, 20 and 32, is the name of an 
ancient religious sect; 

My 19, 29, 6, 24, 30, 16, 11, 8, 37, and 9, is what President 
Young is, and has been to this people; 

My 15, 25, 26, 18 and 10, is a bird ; 

My 30, 13 and 28, is a tree; 

And my whole is one of the proverbs of Solomon. 

J"CTVElsriT-iE XlbTSTIR/U'aTOIR, 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

J*-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lako City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
Editor J u venile Instructor. ' ' 




