♦^ 






qUxuss U Wit IT^rM 




VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUEDAY, JUNE 24, 1871. 



NO. 13. 



K.ELEJLSE OIP nDEBTO:K.S. 



THE law of God through Moses is very strict about lending ; as a slave ; this sale was for life, and the chilclren of such per- 
and borrowing. The children of Israel were commanded not sous became slaves also. In Eome the debtor was t«i be taken 
to take interest for their mone.v when they loaned it to any of by the creditor to his own house to be dealt with in the most 
their brethren. In the 22nd Chapter of Exodus, 2.'ith verse, it [ cruel manner for sixty days, after which he could be sold into 



says: 



i foreign slavery. Afterwards the law was changed ; creditors 



If thou lend money to any of my people that is poor by thee, thou ; eould not take debtors into their own custody, but they still had 

the power to sell them into slavery. 

The engraving which we give in this number is a view of 
Whit«cross Street Prison, London, England. In this prison 
debtors were kept, their creditors having the power to imjirison 
them if they did not pay their deljts. On the first Saturday in 
January, 1870, this practice ceased, the law having been abol- 
ished. At noon 
precisely of that 
day all the doors of 
the debtors' prisons 
throughout (ircat 
Britain were 
thrown open, and 
the prisoners were 
at liberty to go free. 
lis engraving i s 
(n illustrate this 
liberation. The 
T/'indon Illustrated 
Times relates an 
anecdote connected 
with (his release : — 
'The keeper had 
inf irmed n i n i' ty- 
>ur that (hey eiiuld 
avi", but thirty- 
one asked permis- 
sion to p'niaiii in a 
iltii' longer, and 

says in the 25th Chapter of Leviticus, 2.-,rd verse : | (,„,k (lidrdrparture ia (lie course of (he day. Among tlie niim 

"Tlie Iniid eliall not bo Bold forcrcr; for Uie lund ih iiihir." iier was an old man named Haruacles, who had been a prisoner 

It eould only he sold or seized for debt until the year of, tweiity-.seven years under an order from (he Court oi Aduiir.d 
Jubilee. Ever>- fiftieth year was a year of .Jubilee. If a man t.v. The k.'eper (.ild the i, Id man (ha( h.' cmld go, and when 
werf! sold to hi.1 hrother because of lii.s jHiverty, he niHJd only he got out.side, the pour I'ellow s(ared about him and seemc(| 
remain in servitude until (he year of Jubili'c ; and even then he jierfectly helpli 



Shalt not be to him as a usurer, neither shalt thon lay upon him any 
usury." 

They were never to forget the love that they should have to 
their own brethren. In Leviticus, the 2")th Chapter, Soth 
verse, it says: 

"And if thy brother Vic waxen poor, and fallen in decay with thee. 
then thou shall re- 
lieve him; yea, 
though he be a stran- 
Srcr, or a sojourner; 
that he may live with 
thee. Take thou no 
usury of him, or in- 
crease; but fear thy 
God; that thy iTother 
may live with thee. 
Thou slialt nut civc 
him thv money ujjon 
usury, nor lend liim 
thy vletnals for in- 
eivasc." 

These are right- 
eous laws, and if 
observed b y t h e 
people, would be of 
great benefit to 
them. 

The land which 
was given t/) t h e 
children of Israel as 
their inheritance 
could not lie sold for 
debt. The Lord 




eould not be ciompclli'il to si'ive as a bondservan( ; but as a 
hired servant and as a sojourner Ik; should be t<i his lirother. 
Tlie I/ird said they were his servants whieli he brmigiit forth 
mil of the land of Egypt, and they should not be .suM as bond- 
men. He further said : 1 
'•I hull dhalt not rule over liliii with lijjiir, but hliall fciir thy (Jod." | 
Among the (ireeks a creditor had the righl to sell (he ilelitor 



In a eound-ylike Kiif-'land, where the people are so iiiunerous, 
ami eniplnynien( ni ditlieult (o obt.iin, a poor creadire like 
Uaniacles wniiid )ie in a dreaill'iil condidon. Twenty-si-veii 
years must, have made a grea( change in .sm iely, and Ins friends, 
if any were alive, w<mld almo.-^l li.ive f.irgodeii him. Such a 
man would he in a eondidon (o be pilicd; for in it>un(ri(S 
wh<!rc tlie |Hipiiliilion is numehpus, life is not vi'ry valuable. 



* 



il^t 




^^ 98 



JU^EItTILE i:n"sti^tjotoi?/ 



and sufferiug is so common that such cases do not receive 
the attention that they would iii countries where distress is 
seldom seen. 



[For the Juvenile Jnsfrurfor. 






A17E often see small bags brought into the eity in wagons, 
IT the bulk of the mass contained therein, seems dispivpor- 
tionate to the number of horses emjiloyed; when we become 
acquainted with the contents of these bags, this impression will 
vanish. These little bags are ore sacks, many of the ores con- 
tained are such as have been described, sidi)hides, cldorides, 
carbonates, &e., they are on their way to the smelting works to 
be subjected to met;dlurgical oi)eratious, either here or else- 
where. 

The first process these ores pass through is to sejiarato the 
met;il from the ore, a pixx-ess called "smelting," but there are 
many things to be done to ensure success in so doing. In the 
handling of ores, it is necessary to "sample" them, that is, to 
place the right kinds together, and to prepare them by "crush- 
ing." an operation that is performed b.v steam power. Another 
thing of great imporbmce is t<.i know the different classes of ore 
that will mutually aid each other in reducing them to the 
metallic state, a department that renuires a knowledge of the 
chemistry of the ores i)y practical acquaintance with them. 

The mode of n^ducing ores ui>i)n a very large scale is prac- 
ticed most scientifically and siicccssfully at Swansea, in South 
W;Jcs, Great Britain. Some of the ores of Ut;ih, tliat are not 
payable to reduce here, are shii)])cd there, among others, the 
copper ores of Tintic may be named. Our smelting operations 
are chiefly c-onfiued to ores of the galena class, and great as 
the difficulties arc to lx> ovcrcouje iu a new countr.v like this, in 
erecting sniitaljle furnaces and obtaining the prnpL-r kinds of 
fuel, man\' tons of ''bullion." as tin- metal run out is calli'd, are 
.sent away by mil t^i be still further operated uimhi. The smelt- 
ing of our ores is a very strange sight for tho.se unaccustomed 
to it, and a very instructive one to the thou.gbtful, a class to 
which every student of chemistry should belong, for there is 
much practiL-jiI information to be obtjiimul by tho.se who notice 
what is being done. Ia'.I us .see what is doing. There is one 
1 u.sy feeding in fuel ; look into the fire, taking caro not to get 
in the way of the workmen. See the flames surging along and 
leaping over a partition that ilivides the furnace into two parts, 
and cau.ses the flame to di'scend on tin- other side. Notice the 
form of the roof of the feed furnace, it is so coiistnicted as to 
beat baik the flame, hence it is railed "reverberatory." Xow 
pass along and look under the ftirnace, see the bars imbedded 
into solid ma.sonry, through tlioso bars the air is rusliing t<r 
give life to the fire above. There is a lesson, children, nsjuct- 
ing oxygon, iUs might may begin to be guesse^d at; invisible, 
but potent, like many other invisible elements. Notice the 
dust particles in the ash pit, how fine ; how well the oxy.gen has 
done its work in cli.s.yilving the fuel (carbfin.) See liow clean 
the ash-i'it is krpt, so as not to impede the circulation of air, 
by cutting off the supply. Now sim; a man removing a clunqi 
to s.'t? liovr the inner fumaic work pmgresses. ]5e careful ! 
Stand at a distance, or you may [lay fbr your curiosity. Now, 
lie is puddling the pasty Irxiking ma.ss, witli a long nike. What 
lovely colors I What intense heat must be there. Oh that we 
could .study out the colors of thn.se flames, the sfM-etra, the 
ghosts of the dements, departing from the ores of which th'^y 
fiinniil a part perhaps for ages ! Why the giinipav, althougli 



I 



for a moment, is so vivid that the iutense yellow peculiar to 
sodium, the violet of ]iotassium, or potash salts ; the r(ise red, 
the emerald green, and other magniiicent flames seen ujwti a 
sm;ill Scale in the labonitory were at times distinct enough to 
enable us to kiicjw the constituents of the ores they are smelting. 
Now some bags of ores are being tumbled into the furnace. 
Sulphur ! Tlie flames .just now denoted the presence of that 
element, the smell confirms it. There are other disagreeable 
odora; garlic is prominent among them, arsonic;d ores are being 
oiierated on ! There is a faint smell rcsenibling decaying horse- 
radish ; fumes ot selemium, from the seleniates coiiinion to our 
ores. There are other vapors rising that are not thus detected, 
those arising fnim lead are without odor, but eajialile of absorp- 
tion into the lungs and by the pores of the skin. 

We ma.v now again have a peep into the furnace, the man is 
again stirring up the ]iasty mass which is less viscid than it was. 
A .vellow mass that does not mix with the fluid on which it 
floats is sulphur. This is a proof that the suljihuret or siiliihide 
is decomposed, the metal and siUphur have parted couipanj', 
the lower stratum <if fluid matter is metal. Thus far we have 
seen that chemical means have been resorted to, to effect the 
sejiaration of the metal from its ores, and much more will have 
to be said about smelting. 

BETH. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 

I?.EOOXj3L.E10TI03SrS. 
(Concluded.) 



PASSING over from the Platte to the Sweetwater, the cat- 
tle suffered extremely from the heat, the drought, and the 
scarcity of feed, being compelled to browse on dry rabbit 
bru.sh, .sage brush, weeds and such feed as they coidd find, ail 
of which had been well ])icked over by the preceding com- 

jianies. Ga]it:iin 's companj' being one of the last, still 

keeping along, frequently in sight of, and sometimes camping 
with President Kimball's company which was very large. One 
day as the.v were moving along slowl.v through the hot sand and 
(iu.st, the sun iiouring down with excessive heal, toward noon 
one of Widow Smith's best oxen laid down iu the .yoke, rolled 
over on to his side, and stift'ened out his legs spasmodicall.v, 
evidentl.v in the throes of death. The unanimous o]iinion was, 
that he was poisoned. All the hindmost teams of course 
stopped, the jieoiile coining forward to know what was the mat- 
ter. In a short time the ('aptain who was in advance of the 
company, in'rceiving that something was wrong, eanie to the 
siMit. 

Perhaps no (Jiie sujii)0.sed fin' a moment that llie ox Would 
ever recover. The C'aptiiu's first Words on seeing him, were : 

"Ileisdi'ad, there is no use working wilii him; we'll have 
to fix up .some way to take the Widow along, 1 toM her she 
Would be a bunli'ii niMin the company." 

^hantiuic Widow Smith bad been searehing for a botlle of 
(yjn.secrated oil iu one of tlu^ wagons, and now came forward 
with it, and asked her brother, Josei)li Fielding, and the other 
brethren, to administjT to the ox, thinking the Jj<ud would 
niise him up. They did so, pouring a i)ortion of oil on the top 
of his head, between and back of the horns, and all laid bands 
upon him, and one jira.ved, administering the ordinance as they 
v.ould have done to a human being that w.is siek. Can .Voii 
guess the result'/ In a moment he gathered bis legs under bim, 
and at the first word arose to liis feet, and traveled right off as 
well as ever. He was not even un.voked from bis mate. The 
Captain, it may well be sni>po.sed, now heartily regrett^'d his 
hasf.v nincliisions and nnb.ippy exjiressions. They h.ad not 
goni' very far when another and an exactly .siinilar circumstance 
occurred. Tliis time alst) it was one of her best oxen, the los.s 



f* 



■^^t 



6g^ 



0" TJ "V" E n^ I Xj E IlfTSTIS/TJOTOI^. 



I 



of either ■would have eiFectually crippled one team, as they had 
no cattle to spare. But the Lord mercifully heard their prayers, 
and recognized tlie holy ordinance of anointing and prayer, and 
the authority of the Priesthood when applied in behalf of even 
a poor dumb bnate ! Sincere gratitude from more thsn one 
heart in that fimily, went up unto the Lord that day for His 
visible interposition in their behalf. At or near a place called 
llattlesnake Send, on the Sweetwater, one of Widow Smith's 
oxen died of sheer old age, and consequent poverty. He had 
been comparatively useless fur some time, merely carrying his 
end of the yoke without being of any further service in the 
team, he was therefore no great loss. 

At the last crossing of Sweetwater, Widow Smith, was met 
by James Lawsou, with a span of horses and a wagon, from 
the Valley. This enabled her to unload one wagon, and send 
it, with the best team, back to Winter Quarters to assist 
another family the next season. Elder Joel Terry returned with 
the team. At this place the Captain was very unfortunate, 
several of his best cattle and a valuable umle laid down and 
died, supposed to have been caused by eating poisonous weeds. 
There was no one in the camp who did not feel a lively sympa- 
thy for the Captain, he took it to heart very much. He was 
under the necessity of obtaining help, and Widow Smith was 
the first t<j offer it to him, but he refused to accept of it from 
her hands. Joseph sympathised with him, and would gladly 
have done anything in his power to aid him ; but here again, it 
is painful to say, he repulsed his sympathy and chilled his 
heart and feelings more and more by insinuating to others, in 
his presence, that Widow Smith had poisoned his cattle 1 
Saying, " why should my cattle, and nobody's else, die in this 
manner? There is more than a chance about this. It was well 
planned," &c., expressly for his ear. This last thrust was the 
severing blow. Josepli resolved, someday, to demand satisfac- 
tion not only for this, but for every other indignity he had 
heaped upon his UKjther. 

On the 22nd of September, 1S4S, Captain 's fifty 

crossed over the "Big jMountain," when they had the first 
glimpse of Salt Lake \''alley. It was a beautiful day. Fleecy 
clouds hung round over the summits of the highest mountains, 
casting their shadows down the valley beneath, hightening, by 
contrast, the golden hue of the sun's rays which fell through 
the openings upon the dry buneh-grass and sage-bush plains, 
gilding them with fairy brightness, and making the arid desert 
to seem like an enchanted sjxit. Every heart rejoiced, and 
with lingering fondness, wistfully gazed from the summit of the 
mountain upon the western side of the valley revealed to view, 
the goal of their wearisome jouniey. The ascent from the east 
was gi-adual, but long and f itiguing for the teams, it was in the 
afternoon, therefore, when they reached the top. The descent 
to the West was far more precipitous and abrupt, Tliey were 
obligjd to rough-lock the hind wheels of the wagons, and, as 
they were not needed the forward cattle were turned loose to 
be driven to the fout of the mountain orto caujp, the "wheelers" 
only being retained on the wagons. Desirous of shortening the 
next day's journey as much as possible — as that was to h)rir)g 
them into the Valley — they drove on till a late hour in the 
night, over very rough roads much of the waj', and skirted witli 
oak brush and groves nf trees. I'hey finally eanijx'd near the 
eastern fljot of thi' " Ijittie Mount;iin." During this night's 
drive several of Widow Smith's cows — that had been turned 
loiis(.' from tlu! teams — -were lost in the brush. Early next 
moniing John returned on horse-back to hunt fur thenj, tlieir 
service in the U.-ams being neces.sary to j)roceed. 

At an earlier hour than usual th(^ Captain gave orders for the 
(•(impany to stjirt,— knowing well the circumstances of the 
Widow, ancl that .she would be obliged to remain till John 
rcturni-d witii tlie lost cattli; — accordingly tiie conii)any rolled 
out, li'aving her and her family alone. 

It was fortunate that Brother James Lawsoii was witli them, 



for he knew the road, and, if necessary, could pilot them down 
the kanyon in the night. Joseph thought of his mother's pre- 
diction at Elk Horn, and so did the Captain, and he was 
determined that he woiUd win this point, although he had lost 
all the others, and prove her prediction flilse. " I will beat you 
bo the Valley, and ask no help from you either," rang in Jos- 
eph's ears; he c;ould not reconcile these words with possibility, 
though he knew his mother always told the truth, but how 
could this come true ? Hours, to him, seemed like days as 
they waited, hour after hour, for John to return. All this time 
the company was slowly tugging away up the mountain, lifting 
at the wheels, geeing and hawing, twisting along a few steps, 
then blocking the wheels for the cattle to rest and take breath, 
now doubling a team, and now a crowd rushing to stop a wagon, 
too heavy for the exhausted team, and prevent its rolling back- 
ward down the hill, dragging the cattle along with it, while in 
this conditiim, to highteu the distress and balk the teams, a 
cloud — as it were — burst over their heads, sending down the 
rain in torrents, as it seldom rains iu this country, throwing the 
company into utter confusion. The cattle refhsed to pull, would 
not face the beating storm, and to save the wagons from crash- 
ing down the mountain, U])setting, &e., they were obliged to 
unhitch them, and block all the wheels. While the teamsters 
sought shelter, the storm drove the cattle in every direction 
through the brash and into the ravines, and into every nook 
they could find, so that when it subsided it was a day's work to 
find them, and get them together. Meantime Widow Smith's 
cattle — except those lost — were tied to the wagons, and were 
safe. In a few moments after the storm, John brought up 
those which had been lost, and they hitched up, making as 
early a start as they usually did in the mornings, rolled up the 
mountiiin, passing the company in their confused situation, and 
feeling that every tie had been sundered that bound them to the 
Captain, continued on to the Valley, and arrived at "Old Fort," 
about ten o'clock on the night of the 23rd of September, all well 
and tliankful. The next morning was Sabbath, the whole 
family went to the bowery t«i meeting. Presidents Young and 
Kimball preached. This was the first time that Joseph had 
ever heard them, to his recollection, in public; and he exclaimed 
to liimself; "these are the men of God, who are gathering the 
Saints to the Valley." This was a meeting long to be remem- 
bered by those present. I'resident Young, spoke as though he 
felt: "Now, God's people arc free," and the way of their 
deliverence had been wrought out. That evening Captain 

and his company arrived, dusty and weary, too late for 

the excellent meetings and the day of sweet rest enjoyed by 
the Widow and her family. Once more, in silver tones, rang 

through Joseph's ears. " Father , I will beat you U> the 

A'alley and will ask no help from you either !" 

J. F. S. 



A HINT TO GRUMBLERS.— "What a noi.sy world this 
is !" croaked an old frog, as he .squatted on the margin of tlie 
jiool. "Do yciu hear those geese, how tliey scream and hissV 
What do they do it for'/" 

"Oh, just to amu.sc themselves," an.swered a little lieM 
inou.se. 

"Presently we shall have the owls hooting; wluit is that for'/" 

" It's the nmsic they like the best," said the mouse. 

"And those grassiioppers, they can't go lion)e without grind- 
ing and chirping ; why do they do that'/ " 

"Oh they're ,so happy they can't help it," said the mouse. 

" You find e.vcuses for all; I believe you don't midcrsl;ind 
nuisic, so you like the hideous noi.scs." 

" Well, friend, lobe honest with you," .said the mouse, "1 
don't greatly admire any of them ; hut they are all swi ct in my 
ears, comiiarcd wiiii ih<; constant croaking of a frog." 



h^ 



■i^i 



ijtf 



*^^ lOO 



m 



CTTJ^EISriLE IISrSTI^TJOTOIS/, 



11 



^r ^]|$ ia&$ttil$ ittslcttclap* 



CEORCE Q. CANNON • - EDITOR. 

SATUKDAY, JUNE 24, 1871. 

E!IDITOI?.I^Xj thcotjo-hits. 




HE Methodists have held their Eevival 
meetings, and have broken up and started 
east with their big tent. They commenced 
their meetings on Sunday, the 11th, and 
closed them on Sunday evening, the 18th. 
'^C^(jr ■> JHJ it£ij? '^'^'^ preachers have been ver}' bus}' all the 
Jly\''^f\ f^TfcF ^^^^^> ''"'i have done all in their power to 
■*{V ^^jif^^i^*^ make the people acquainted with Method- 
'^' ' ' ^"^^ ''}^ ism. A great many young people have gone 
and listened to them ; but, so far as we know, 
every one is more satisfied, if possible, with his 
religion than he was before he heard these men 
preach. In this respect, their visit will do good; 
there are hundreds and thousands of our young 
people who believe the gospel of Jesu.s as it is 
,, _ . — ght by his servants, because their fathers and 
. VC^ mothers aud the Bishops and the Elders and the 
''w?^ Twelve and the First Presidency have taught it to 
7^] them. They are satisfied that it is true ; but have not 
bestowed that thought ujion the subject that would be necfssarj' 
if they were in the midst of opposition. 

When a man comes and assails your doctrine and your belief 
and practices, it makes you think, and you are forced to ex- 
amine his pretensions and claims. Our peojile who live in the 
city have done so in the case of these Methodists, and are 
satisfied that they '"have a form of godliness, but deny the 
ixiwer thereof." They can .see now the narrowness of their 
creed, and the total absence of those s;iving principles wiiich fill 
the souls of the Saints with joy and satisfaction. We have 
hf'ard many say, who were ^^lethodi.sts before they joined the 
Church, that in listt'niug to these men it seemed to them that 
thi-}- were more in the dark than Methodist i)reachers were in 
former days, and that the Methodist church had gone back, and 
its members are more ignorant in n-gard to the .scriptures than 
ever. This is sure to be the case with a people wlio harden 
their hearts against the truth. 

The tent has been crowded every night, and excellent atten- 
tion ha.s been paid. If tiie preachers wanted evidence that the 
Iu:iUer-day Saints were the peoijle of God, tliey certainly have 
it now, for no other ])eople but the Latter-day Saints, would 
treat another n.-ligious denomination with the fairness with 
which they have been treated since they came to this city. Our 
i;lders when they go abroad, scarcely ever receive any courtesy 
or kindness from the scct.s. Methodist preacher.s, and other prea- 
chers, have been the forcmo.st of their persecutors, and have 
begged the 7)eoi)le to keep away from their meetings, and have 
done ail in thiir fKjwer to prevent the pc<jple from hearing the 
truth. But how different the treatment they received from th(; 
Saints 1 President Young advised all to go and hear them, and 
to treat them with respect and kindne.s,s. Some of them have 
been vcrj' abusive and have oven tf>ld lies ; still, they acknow- 
ledge that they have been treated with great kindness. We do 
not know the number of the c«nvcrta they have made ; but we 
have not heard of a .single Latter-day Saint being in the least 
affected by them. When they came liere, it was siiid they ex- 
jtectcd to obtain five hundred converts at least. We understand 
i>ne of their number said that they expected to convert about 
one-third of the people ; but, before they had been here many 



days, they saw that they could get no power over the people. 
Then they said that they were not anxious to make Methodists, < 
or to build up a church here, but they desii'ed to have the peo- 
ple unite upon the work of sanctification and to value Gtod's 
word. This of course was said to hide their disaiipointment at 
not being able to seduce the Saints from the truth. 

The devil has tried mobs and violence, cruelty and mm-der, 
in the past to destroy the work of God ; now, he cannot use 
these agencies, and he seems desirous of adopting some other 
plan. The sects are bringing theu- creeds here, hoping that 
they will prevail over the people by this means. The devU 
wants to destroy the Holy Priesthood and its influence, and if 
he had the power, he would drive it from the midst of mau. 
He will use every means to do this, until the Kingdom and 
dominion shall be taken from him and given to the Saints. So, 
children, we may as well prepare ourselves to carry on the war- 
fare ; it will not cease until Zion is completely redeemed and 
Jesus shall come to reign upon the earth. 

EDUCATION in Germany is obtained at very cheap rates, 
and a gi-eat many Americjins send their children to that 
land to be educated, not so much because of the cheapness, as 
on account of the thoroughness with which pupils are educated. 
Heidelberg is a famous university town in Germany, and stu- 
dents from almost every nation are to be found there. There is 
probably not a branch of knowledge known among men, aside 
from true religion, for the pursuit of which instructors cannot 
be found in Heidelberg. Every language, both ancient and 
modern, has a master in that place. A Japanese student went 
there not long ago, who could not speak a word of German, but 
he had no difficulty on his arrival in finding a teacher able 
to converse with him and give him lessons through the medium 
of the Japanese. There is hardly one of its many educated 
men who is not able to talk two modern languages, at least, in 
addition to his own. I'lenty of them can be found who not 
only speak Fiench and English with fluency, but write them 
elegantl.v. An American or Englishman visiting there, is sur- 
prised to hear his own tongue spoken so glibly by almost every 
.shop-girl and waiter. If he asks "Where did you learn it?" 
the answer is "At school." In traveling on the continent of 
Europe, we had occasion to remark that every educated man we 
met was able to coTiverse in other languages besides his own. 
They i)ay f;ir more attention to this l)ranch of study among 
these nations, than they do in England or America. 

The study of modern languages should receive more attention 
among us. In no country in the world are there .such oiiportuni- 
ties for learning them from natives as we have in Utah Terri- 
tory, because we have lioojile here from almost every land. It 
would be a great advantage to our young men who go forth as 
Elders, to be able to speak at least one language more than their 
own. The day is not far distant, we hope, when the doors for 
the preaching of the gospel will be open to many nations who 
have not yet heard it declared in its fullness. Probably thou- 
.sands ujion thou.sands of Germans will yet be gathered out from 
their i'atherlaNd. Whenever that day comes, the knowledge of 
German will be essential. The study of other languages heljis 
a per.son to understand his own. If a certiiin portion of t'ach 
day were sot ajiart for this study, our readers woidd be surprised 
at the progn.'.ss tluy would make in the course of a.vear; it 
W(iul(l nut take long for a jierson ipf (ordinary cajiacity to learn to 
read in (icrman, French, or Scandinavian. It is a delightful Way 
of .spe?iding the time and exercising and disciiiliiiing the mind. 
How many of our young peojile sjiend their sjjare hours or 
moments in perusing trashy newsi)ap(rs and works of fiction, 
which might be spent very jirofitably in the .studies of which 
we speak. 

Fear God and honor the I'ricsthood. 



-I^g^l 



0"TJ'V"Ei:isriLEi I3iTSTie.TJaTOI^, 



lOl 



IN our last number we had sometliing to say about tKe expul-i The mere perusal of a cursory sketch of the rush of thou- 
sion from the French metropolis of all parties unable, or who sands of people into the city of Paris fails to convey any idea 
could not be compelled, to take part in its defence during the! of the inconvenience and suffering such an event gives rise to ; 
late siege by the Prussians. This week we wish to call the j to do this one must be an eyewitness. If all who were corn- 
attention of our readers to another phase in the history of pelled to do this had been rich, it would have been bad enough; 



''y-. 



Paris during the war between France and Prussia. 

From the commencement of hostilities, the eyes of the Prus- 
sian military leaders were turned towards Paris, one great aim 
with them being to humiliate France, by dictating terms of 
peace in the capital of the empire, under the Emperor Napo- 
leon III., as the Emperor Napoleon I. humiliated Prussia, by 
dictating terms of peace in Berlin, — their capital, some sixty 
years before. 

The idea of Paris falling into the hands of the Prussians 
seemed, at the commencement of the war, so ridiculous to the 
French, that they went so far as to set the time when their 
victorious legions would again enter Berlin. But events showed 
that their calcula- 
tions were altoge- 
ther erroneous, for 
except at the bat- 
tle of Saarbrucken, 
the opening contest 
of the war, the 
Prussians were in- 
variably the con- 
querors, each vic- 
tory landing them 
nearer to the 
French capital. 

The horrors of 
w a r, h o w e v e r 
truthfully and for- 
cibly a written des- 
cription may be, 
can never be real- 
ized by a more 
perusal ; hence it 
is impossible for 
the readers of the 
Juvenile Instruc- 
tor to imagine the 
distress, suffering 
and death caused 
to the peoi)le living in districts of couutr.v through which a 
besieging and victorious army is passing. The Prussians, num- 
bering hundreds of thousands, flushed with victory and in- 
spired with hate to the French, ]Kiid little or no respect to the 
lives, rights or property of die people who were peacefully 
following their u.sual avocations and residing in the districts in 
which their line of march lay from Saarbrucken to Paris ; the 
conscquonce was that a great many liviis were needlessly sacri- 
ficed, ajid cruelties, wrongs and outrages innumerable were 
coiinuitte'd by the soldiers of the ]'russian army. Whole 
villages were often consiniied, and the i)eople were thus 
deprived in a f(!W hours of the fruits of years of in(histiy, 
and rendered homeless and ri'duciiil tn the great<>st destitu- 
tion. 

As the conquerors nearcd I'aiis, thi' jirdiili- living in the 
snjall towns and villag(;s surrounding that great city removed 
all thoy po.sse.s.sed, or as mucii as tlic.v possibl.v could, and 
sought refuge within its walls. The engraving this Wcitk is an 
attenjpt to represent their flight before the l^russians into the 
capital. Vehicles of every description that could be found, 
were used for this purpo.se, and the jn'ople by thuusands, rich 
and poor, fianie-stricki'ii, sought n'l'uge within the (iirlifn'ations 
of their beautiful i-apital. 



but in this case few were rich, and for hundreds and thousands 
of people with nothing to depend upon but their daily labor, 
to be compelled to leave their homes in a hurry, and to seek 
safety in I'aris, where all was confusion, the various trades 
nearly at a stand still, and provisions running up in price, it is 
easy to imagine that many must suffer very badly for the com- 
monest necessaries of life. 

If, under these circumstances, all had been grown people 
they might have roughed it through ; but there were many, 
very many children, with parents so poor as to be unable to 
procure them bread enough to eat. Now let the readers of the 
Juvenile In.struetor fancy, if they can, what a terrible predica- 
ment they would 
be in if an invad- 
ing army of rough, 
merciless soldiers 
were to come to 
the towns and vil- 
1 iges in which they 
live and burn or 
otherwise destroy 
their hou.ses and 
t<ike away every 
particle of food and 
money they could 
ly their hands un, 
ml drive them 
id their jtarents, 
ike.souiany fVight- 
ened sheeji, to lind 
'shelter and food 
where and how 
they could, or 
die, and they 
may form some 
idea of the terri- 
b 1 e position 
m which very 
many poor men. 
women and children were placed when driven into Paris 
by the soldiers of King William of Prussia. If they ])icture 
the worst possible position of this kind in their own minds 
they will not fall very far short of the experieiu-e of hundreds 
and thousands of the juveniles of France within the last lune or 
ten months. Distress and suffering, incalculable in amoimt, 
have been caused ; homes have been broken up and very many 
persons, old and young, who took no part in the fighting have 
been comiielled to endure stiirvation and death during the recent 
conflict between France and Prussia. 

These are among tlu' horrors of war wherever it occurs; and 
so long as the nations light with eai'h other so long may we 
exi)ect to hear of a npetition of such scenes of misery and 
wri'trhcdness. 

Oh cliililren, you do not know how niurh cause yon have lor 
gratitude aTid tliankfuluess ! In your peaceful homes here in 
the valleys of Utah you arc! fir removed fnun .si'cncs of turmoil 
you pass .vour lives in traiKpiility none daring to molest lU- make 
you afraid; and what k even of greater imiiortance, you an^ 
uncontaminat<'d to a very great extent by the vices and sins of the 
wicked W(uld and,und(!r the guidance and teachings of the Priest- 
hood, whiili will make you wi.se unto salvation. Tnily .vour 
lives have f illcn iu pleasant places and .vou have a goodly hcritagel 




iS?3^ 



i 






j""cr"VEisriLE iisrsT:E?.TJOTOi^. 



LET OTJ1? OIF" TDJL3SrC3-EI?.. 



{Concluded .} 

"Heydey!" cried the boy' "what's this'? Oh, liow it tears 
my hands! Oh, this thornbushl Oh! my arm ! I eau't get 
free!" He struggles and pants. "All this comes of leaving 
the path," he says; "I should' nt have cared for the rolling 
down if it hadn't been for this bush. The fern was soft enough. 
I'll never stray away in the wood at night again. There, free 
at last! And my jacket nearly toru of my back!" 

With a good deal of patience, and a great many scratches, he 
gets free of the thorn which had arrested his progress when his 
feet were within a .vard of the water, manages to scramble to 
the bank, and makes the best of his way through the wood. 

And now, as the clouds move slowly onward, the moon 
shows her face on the black surface of the water, and the little 
white owl comes and hoots, and flutters over it like a wander- 
ing snow-drift. But the boy is in the wood again, and knows 
nothing of the danger from which he has escaped. All this 
time the dark passenger follows the main track, and believes 
that the boy is before him. At last he hears a crashing of dead 
boughs, and presently the little midshipman's voice fifty yards 
before him. Yes, it is too true ; the boy is on the cross track. 
He will pass the cottage in the wood directly, and after that his 
Ijursuer will come U])0u him. 

The boy bounds along the iiuth ; but he sess the cottage he 
is thirsty and s(j hot, that he thinks he must ask the inhabitants 
if they can .sell him a glass of ale. 

He entors without ceremony. "iUe?" says the woodman. 



who is sitting at his supper. "No, we have no ale; but per- 
ife can give thee a drink of milk. Come in." So 



haps my wifL ._.. ^. . , . — .. ^„. ^^^^ .„. 

he comes in and shuts the door, and while he sits waiting for 
the milk footsteps pass. They are the footsteps of his pursuer, 
who goes on with the stake in his hand, angry and impatient 
that he has not yet come up with him. 

The woman goes to the dairy fjr milk, and the boy thinks 
she is gone a long time. He drinks it, thanks her and takes his 
leave. 

Fast and fa.ster the man runs before him. 

It is very dark, but there is a yellow streak in the sky where 
the moon is pl(jwing up a fuiTowed mass of gi-ay clouds, and 
one or two stars arc blinking through the branches of the 
trees. 

Fast the Iwy follows, and fast the man runs on, with his 
weapon in his hand. Suddenly he hears the .io.vous whooj)— 
not before, but behind him. lie stops and listens noiselessly. 
Yes, it is .s<j. He pushes himself iutfj the thicket, and raises 
his stiike, when the boy shall pass. 

On he COMICS, running lightly, with his hands in his jjockots. 
A s<mnd strikes at the same instant the ears of })olh and the 
buy tnnis back from the very .jaws of death to listen. ' It is the 
-Mnid of wheels, and it draws rajiidly nearer. A man comes up 
driving a gig. 

"Hilloa!" he says, in a loud, cheerful voice. 

'What, benighted, youngster!" 

■Oh, is it you, Mr. D ?" siiys the boy; "no, I am not 

benighted ; or, at any rat«, I know my way out of the woods.'' 

The man drew back among the shrub.s 

"Why, bless the boy,' he hears the fanjier say, "to think of 
our meeting in this way ! The parson told me he'was in hopes 
of seeing thee some day this week. I'll give thee a lift. This 
is a lone place to be in this time of night." 

"Lone," saj's the boy laughing; I don't mind that ; and if 
you know the way, it as safe as a quarter-deck." 

So he gets into the fanner's gig, and once more is out of the 

reach of ilie pursuer. J?ut the man knows tliat the farmer's 

house is a fjuarttr of a mile nearer than the parsonage, and in 

. , that quarter of a mile there i.s still a cliance of committing rob- 



bery. He determined still to make the attempt, and cut across 
the woods with such rapid strides that he reaches the farmer's 
gate just as the gig drives up to it. 

"Well, thank you, farmer," says the midshipman, as he pre- 
pares to got down. 

"I wish 3'ou good night, gentlemen," s;iys the man, when he 
passes. 

"Good night, friend," the farmer replies. 

"I say, my boy, it's a dark night enough ; but I have a mind 
to drive you on to the parsonage, and hear the rest of this tale 
of yours about the sea serpent." 

The little wheels go on again. They pass the man, and he 
stands still in the road to listen till the sound dies away. Then 
he flings his stake into the hedge and goes back again. His 
evil purposes have all been frustrated — the thoughtless boy had 
baffled him at every step. 

And now the little midshipman is at home ; the joyful meet- 
ing has taken place ; and when they have all admired his gi'owth, 
and decided whom he is like, and measured his height on the 
window-frame, and seen him eat his supper, they begin to 
question him about his adventures, more for the pleasure of 
hearing him talk than any curiosity. 

"Adventures," said the boy, seated between father and 
mother on a sofli. "Why, ma, I did writ* you an account of 
the voyage, and there's notliing else to tell. Nothing happened 
to-day — or at least nothing particular." 

"You came by the coach we told you of ?" asked his father. 

"Oh, yes, papa ! and when we got about twenty mOes, there 
came up a beggar while we were changing horses, and I threw 
down (as I thought) a shilling, but as it fell I saw it was a 
sovereign. She was very honest, and showed me what it was ; 
but I didn't take it back ; for you know, mamma, it is a very 
long time since I gave anything to anybody." 

"Very true, my boy, " his mother answered; "but .you 
should not be careless with your money, and few beggars are 
worthy objects of charity." 

"I suppose you got down at the cross-roads?'' said his elder 
brother. 

"Yes and went through the woods. I should have been here 
sooner if I hadn't lost my way there." 

"Lost your way !" said his mother, alarmed ; "my dear boy, 
you should not have left the path at dusk." 

"Oh, ma !" said the little midshipman, with a smile, "you're 
always thinking wo are in danger. If you coiUd see me some- 
times sitting at the jib-lwoin end, or across the main-topmast 
crosstrcc, .you would be frightened. But what danger can there 
be in a wood'?'' 

"Well, my boy," she answered, "I don't wish to be over 
anxious, and make my children uncomfortaljlc by my fears. 
What did you stray away from the path for'?" 

"Only to catch a little owl, mamma; but I did'nt catch her 
at all. I got a roll down a liank, and caught my jacket agauist 
a thorn-bush, which was rather unlucky. Ah! three large holes, 
I see, in my sleeve. And so I scrambled up again and got into 
the right path, and asked at the cottage for some beer. What 
a long time the woman ke])t me, to be sure. I thought it never 

would come. But very soon after Mr. 1) drove uj) in his 

gig, and brought me on to the gate." 

" And so this account of your adventures being brought to a 
clo.sc " his father says, " wc disaiver there are no adventures 
to tell." 

"No, papa, nothing happened — nothing particular, I mean." 

Notliing jiarticular. If they could have known, they would 
have thought lightly in coiniiarison of the dangers of the jib- 
booiii's end and the maintojunast cro.sstrees. But they do not 
know, any more than we do of the dangers that hourly beset us. 
Some few dangers we arc aware of, and we do what we can to 
provide against them ; but for the greater portion our eyes 
behold that wc cannot see. We walk secretly under His guid- 




\^^ 



OTTJ^vEinsrirjE iitsti^tjotoi?.. 



103 



rlCi 



ance, -without -whom "not a sparrow faUeth to the ground;" 
and when we have had escapes that the angels have admired at, 
we come home and say, perhaps, that nothing has happened — 
at least, nothing particular. 

It is not well that our minds .should be much exercised at 
these hidden dangers, since they are so, and so great that no 
hum.m art or foresight wm i)revent them. But it is very well 
that we should reflect constantly on that loving Providence 
which watches every footstep of a track always balancing 
between time and eternity. Without such trust, how can we 
rest or be at peace ? But with it we may say with the Psalmist: 
" I will both lay me down in jjeacc, and sleep, for thou, Lord, 
only makest me dwell in safety." 



liXSTOI^^' OIF THIE 
o h: TJ I^ O H. 

{Contmued.) 



DURING the winter after his return from this mission, 
President Young was busily engaged iu assisting the Proph- 
et Joseph in the various labors, which devolved upon him. 
He and Brothers Heber C. Kimball and Willard Richards, had 
received their endowments previous to this mission. In the 
course of the winter he assisted in giving endowments to the 
other brethren of the Twelve, and several other elders. This 
was an important season. Joseph, impressed by the spirit of the 
Lord to push the work ahead as fast as possible, was fidl of 
revelation and instruction, imparting a knowledge of new prin- 
ciples to the elders, which were of great importance to them 
and to the world. William and Wilson Law, the former a 
member of the First Presidency, William Marks the president 
of the stake, and other elders, manifested a strong spirit of 
apostasy. They directed their shafts against Joseph, and it 
seemed, because of the power which was being manifes-ted 
through the endowments, as though the devil and all his ser- 
vants were stirred up with ten-fold violence to persecute the 
Saints and to endeavor to take the life of the Prophet of God. 
During this trying season, President Young was a great help 
and comfort t«^i the Prophet. It was a tiiuc to call forth the 
energies and to exhibit the integrity of » man like him. During 
the winter, Joseph offered himself as a candidate for President 
of the United States. He published his "Views of the Powers 
and Policy of the Government of the United States ," and at 
the April Conference, 1844, three hundred and forty four elders 
volunteered to go on missions to pre;ich the gospel and circu- 
late the "Views" among the people. These Elders were to 
labor under the direction of the Twelve Apostles. On the 21st 
of Jlay, Brother Brigham stiirted, in wjmpany with Elders 
Heber C. Kimljall and Lyman Wight, on this mission. He and 
the other elders were vei-y diligent in circulating a knowledge 
of Joseph's "Views." The 27th of June, the day of the 
martyrdom of Josejih and Hyrum, he spent in 
Brother Woodruff, who actcompanied him to the 
tion, as he was about to take the cars fir Salem, 
ing, while waiting in the depot, ho felt a stran 
melancholy .so that he could not conver.se with any degree of 
jilea.sure. Not knowing anything couccn-ning the; tragedy 
enacted at that time at ('arth.ig(! Jail, he c/aild not a.ssign any 
rea.son for hi.s peculiar feelings. 

In tho.se days there were no telegraph lines; and but few 
niilniads, to carry irit<'lligence; it, conseciuently, ((lok a long 
time f!ir news to travel fmrn Naiivoo to the Hast. It was not 
until the lUth of July that i'rc'.ideirl Vnung heard concernuig 
Ihr inartyrdoiM of the I'mjihef and Patriarch from a source 
u\«iu wliieli h.,' could rely. He was at the hou.se of one of the 
bri;fhren in iVtertxjro, New Hampshire, when a 
which one of tlie brethren had received fmm 



Boston with 
railroad sta- 
in the oven- 
cre feeling of 



etter was read 
a resident of 



Nauvoo, giving the particulars of the murder of Joseph and 
Hyrum. The first thuig which President Young thought of 
when he heard the news, was whether Joseph had taken the keys 
of the kingdom with him from the earth. Brother Or.son Pratt 
sat by his side at the time. They were both leaning back on 
their chairs. Bringing his hand down upou his knee. Presi- 
dent Young said, "The keys of the Ivuigdom are all here 
with the Church." The .same day he received a letter from 
Brother Woodruff, confirming the news of the death of the 
Prophet and Patriarch ; and he started for Boston where he 
met Brothers Kimball and Woodruff. They had to wait about 
a week for the arrival of Lyman Wight. They started from 
Boston on the 24th of July, and arrived at Nauvoo on the 
6th day of August. The joy that was felt by the Saints upou 
their arrival was inde.seribablo. 

(To be continued.) 



BK>^^"7^E 3DEEIDS. 



QOLDIERS place great value upon their flags, or standards, 
O which they carry with them into battle. When ships are 
fighting, and one of them is conquered, the flag is lowered in 
token of surrender ; .so also with a post or city. To strike one's 
flag, is to give up the fight, and to acknowledge that one is 
beaten. One of the most daring instances of valor which 
occurred during the war of the Revolution, was a feat of Ser- 
geant WiUiam Ja.sper, of South Carolina, in replacing a flag 
that had been shot down. The British fleet had designs on the 
city of Charleston. Colonel Moultrie, a South Carolina patriot 
was commanded to erect a fort on Sullivan Island to defend the 
harbor. It was built of palmetto logs. This timber is very 
spongy and porous, and a bullet or cannon ball on entering it 
makes no extended fracture, it merely buries itself in it. Sir 
Peter Parker was the British commodore, and he atfcxcked this 
fort with his fleet. The fight was a very furious one; but 
JMoultrie was determined to maintain his position or die in the 
attempt. Never had the British met with such resisbmce. The 
decks of their ships were swept with the iron storm from the 
fort. It is said that at one time during the action, the quarter- 
deck of the commodore's vessel was cleared of every person but 
him.self ; every officer was either killed or wounded. The loss 
on board the .ships was frightful ; two hundred and twenty -five 
being killed and wounded. Only ten were killed and twenty- 
two wounded iu the fort. The Commodore's ship alone had 
not less than seventy balls put through her. After the battle, 
the Americans picked uj), iu and around the fort, twelve hun- 
dred shot of different calibre, and a great number of thiiteen 
inch .shells that were fired at them. During the action the flag 
of South Carolina fell outside of the f )rt uiion the beach, the 
flagstaff having been cut away by a ball from a Briti.sh ship. 
Sergeant William Jasjior leaped the parapet, walked the 
length of the fort, jiickcd up the flag, fastened it ujion the sUitt', 
in the mid.st of the iron hail pouring upon the fortress, and 
in sight of the whole fleet, he fixed the flag firmly upon the 
bastion. Three cheers greeted him as he ascended the para- 
jiet and leajted unhurt within the fort. The day aflcu- tlu; 
liattle, the governor of the State, John Rutledge, visited th(! 
fort, and presented Jas|ier with a sword, and thanked him in 
the name of his country. H(^ offerivl him a lieutenant's eom- 
missiiin ; but the .young herd, not ln'ing .-ilili^ to read or write, 
modestly refused it. 

Afterwards at tlu; siege of Savannah, Serge.-int -Jasper dis- 
pla.ved th(! .same anxiety to .seeun^ the colors of his regiment, 
but not with sueli tiirluriat(> results. 'I'lie i'mIoi-.s h.ad been pre- 
sented to tiie regiment three days ••il'ter (lie iialtle at Fort Sulli- 
van, afterwards called Fort Moultrie. In assailing one of tiie 
redoubts of Savamiah in the midst of a destructive fire, two 
lieutenants of the regiment succi'eded in planting the cvlors on 



m 




'r^ 






104r 



CTTJ^EIITILE in^ST:E2.TJCTOI^ 



the parapet. They fell mortally ■wounded, leaving their colors 
fluttering in the breeze. Another lieutenant seeing them foil 
sprang to the standards, and kept them erect, when he too was 
prostrated with a bullet. At this Sergeant Jasper sprang for- 
ward, secured the a)lors and had just fastened them upon the 
parapet, when a rifle ball pierced him, and he fell into the 
ditch. He was carried to the camji, and soon afterwards ex- 
jiired. 

This Sergeant Jasper was one of the bravest of the brave. 
After his exploits at Fort Moultrie, his commander. General 
Moultrie, gave him a sort of a roving commission, with the 
privilege to select from liis corps such men as he pleased to 
accomi)any him in his enterprises. He was very certain that he 
would employ himself usefully. Jasper was not only a brave 
man, but he was also a humane one, and while he was active in 
the cause of his country, he never injured an enemy unneces- 
sarily. On one of his excursions all the sympathies of his heart 
were aroused by the distress of a Sirs. Jones, whose husband, 
an American by birth, was confined in irons for deserting the 
cause of the king, after taking the royal protection. She felt 
certain that he would be hanged, for he was to be taken to 
Savannah the nest morning. Jasper and his only companion 
(a Sergeant Newton) set out to rescue Jones and his fellow- 
prisoners. There was a spring which the prisoners and their 
guard would have to pass on the road. Concealing themselves 
in the'thick bushes near the spring, they awaited the approach of 
the eight guards and their prisoners. As expected, the guard 
halted to drink; two of them remained with the prisoners, 
while the other six, leaning their guns against a tree, went to 
the spring. Ja.spcr and his companion leaped from their con- 
cealment, siezed two of the guns, shot the two sentinels, and 
took possession of the rest of the muskets. The guards, having 
lost their arms, were powerless, and surrendered. The irons 
were knocked off the wrists of the prisoners, and muskets were 
placed in their hands ; but the six guards were taken to the 
American camp as prisoners of war. Jones was restored to his 
wife, child and country. 

This bold exploit has been the theme of history and .song. 
One of the beautiful squares of the city of Savannah was called 
Jasper Square by the people ; the spring also where tliis occur- 
rence took place is known as Jasper Spring. 



A TKUE LADl'.- — I was once walking a short distance 
behind a very handsomely dressed young girl, and thinking as I 
looked at her beautiful clothes, '" I wonder if .she takes half as 
much pains with her heart as she does with her body? ' 

A p'jor old man wascjming up the walk with a loadud wheel- 
barrow, and just before he reached us, he made two attcmjits to 
go into the yar>] of a small house ; but the gate was heavy, and 
would swing back before he could get through. 

"Wait," said the young girl, springing lightly furwanl, " I'll 
hold the gate open." And .she held the gate until he passed in, 
and received his thanks with a pleasant smile as she went on. 

"She deserves to have beautiful clothes," I thought, "for a 
beautiful spirit dwells in her breast." 



"Now, my Ixiy " .said the committ<'e-man, "if I had a njince 
pie, and should give two-twelfths of it to John, two-twdfihs to 
I.saac. two-twelfths to Ilarrj', and slinuld t.ike half the pie niy- 
s<;lf, what would there be left? Speak up loud, loud, so that all 
can hear." "The plate," ahoutcd the boy. 



"Sam," .Slid one little urchin to nnothcr, "doos yonr school- 
ma.stcr ever give you any rewards of merit?" "I s'po.so he 
docs," was the reply; "he gives me a thrashing every day, and 
says I merit two." 



hS^- 






^I^cl^i $Ddpy» 




BiiDiDY's oo:m:i=l^zitt. 



Cut-cut c:i d:ick-et ! 
I'll make a racket; 
Foi' now I must know 
AVliv I am used so. 
For day after day, 
'Wlieul am awii.v, 
Some heavtloss j'oung thief 
Thus lii-iiigs me to grief. 
I'm Uonihiick Hen, 
And alwaj'B have been. 
'I am not one that hcge, 
But lay my own eggs, 
111 a snug little uest. 
Away from the rest. 
Now who has a right, 
When I'm out of sight, 
To thus steal awaj' 
My eggs cTcrj- day? 
I'm Avilling to scratch 
For chickens I hatch — 
Mo this is no trick 
To play Dominick. 
'Tis some little lad 
Whose heart must be bad ; 
Or some little Miss 
That's guilty of this. 
I'll wager mv legs 
That my precious eggs 
Are taken to make 
Some dainty swectcakc ; 
Or else they are sold 
To some grocer bold. 
It's a sin and a shame 
To thus lose a name. 
If this is my luck, 
I never shall cluck 
For my brood of chicks — 
The dear DomhiickB. 
Cut-eiit ra daek-etl 
Hcar'you this racket? 
A poor hen would know 
Why she is used so. 



THE "WOR.I-1ID IS IPULL OIF" 
BE.A.TJTY. 



Tlic leaflets of the forest, 

Tlic violets of the sod, 
And the lih'ds that tune tlifir ra'plures 

Unto the car of God. 

And the summer whid that brlngcth 

The mii>ie of the sea, 
Have each a voice lliat siiiL'etli 

Tliib song of songs to mc: — 

This world Is full of bciiuly 

As oilier w<jrlds above; 
Thi'ii let lis do our diitj-, 

And make it full of love. 



crxj-^EisriXjE ihststi^tjotoi^ 

la ]iublisbcd in .Salt Lako City, Utah Territory, 
EVEUY OTHEIl SATUKDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

■ tfini/le Oj]>y, jicr Annum J2 50, 

Hinglc Copy, for fHx Months 1 60. 

•a- (Jraln broiifrlit to tliis City for the .IrvKNd.K Instkiktoii will b" 
received at tlir ofRre of our paper— Ijkhiciikt Nkws lUriiaiiNos. 




