
VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 15. 18G8. 



NO. in. 



s o E nsr E s i nsr j e k.xj s j^l e Jvc 

THE VALLEY OF JEHOSAPHAT. 



JERUSALEM is built on a group of lofty hills, separated on 
almost every side from the neighboring mountains by deep 
ravines or valleys. The steep sides of these hills have ever 
been the chief defense of the city, its walls being built on their 
crest. The best known of these valleys to the reader of the 
Scriptures, is that which lies on the eastern side of the city, 
between it and the Mount of Olives, which valley is generally 



sloi^es of the valley he took his disciples for the last time to 
the garden of Uethseraane, on the night of his betrayal by 
Judas Iseariot; and back, acrcss its winding pathways, he was 
led bound with cords by the band of officers and men whom 
the chief priests had sent with the traitor apostle to take him. 
This valley appears to have been the favorite burial place of 
the .Jews from a very early period of tlicir national history. 




„^, 



■~^^S 



called m the IJible the valley of the biook Kcdion, but now 
known as the valley of Jelio.saphat. 

It was across this valley that the Redeemer so often led his 
disciples, from the busy streets of Jerusalem, when he took 
them up into the Mount of Olives to teaeli them midst its 
solitudes the love of our Father in Heaven. Across it he joui'. 
neyed, when troubled at the unbelief' and wickedness of tin' 
Jews, ho sought comfort and rest fnim tlicir ]icrsccutions in llu^ 
little village of Retliany, at the home of his loved friends 
Lazarus, Mary and Martha. From the city to the eastern 



,.\iid theio seems to be ,111 idea piev.dont with lliLUi, as well as 
with the Moslems and the Roman Catholics, that it will be the 
s<'ene of the last judgment. 'J'bey all have strange traditions 
with regard to it, partly based, no dciubt, on the .siyings of the 
niicient prophets, and |iartly on the uiiiiisiiirod theories of 
I heir more modcn'n Iciicliers. 

The .Aldslcm believes that at a certain pciiiit, at the top of 
(he lofty wall of llu^ enclosure of ihe mosque of Onuir, known 
as the llaram, their i)ioplict Mahommed will sit ciilhioncil to 
J,udge the world. Some of them asserting that from a smal. 



^?^^ 




c^ 



arched window near bis throne, a bridge no broader than the 
edge of a razor, will stretch across the deep glen to the side of 
the opposite mount. Along that perilous path all mankind 
must travel. To the faithful 'followers of Mahommed, super- 
natural aid will be given and thej' will cross it in safety. But 
all others will be left to their own unaided powers, their footing 
will fail and thej- will be dashed into the depths of the abyss 
below. 

Many of the Jews have also a strange belief with regard to 
this valley. Thousands of thcni have traveled thither from 
distant lands, when old age or failing health has warned them 
that their days on this earth were short, for the sole pui pose of 
laying their bodies down in the midst of their brethren beneath 
the favored soil of this valle.v. All along the left bank of the 
ravine and up the side of the mount of Olives, their white 
tomb-stones lie so thickly side by side, as in many places to put 
the visitor in mind of a solid pavement that had been slightly 
disturbed by an earthquake. Above this valley on the mount 
of Olives, they believe the Messiah will stand on the morning 
of the resurrection and will call on all the dead to come forth. 
That mountain will be cleft asunder, and those who lie buried 
in this favored spot will at once appear in the presence of their 
God, while those buried in far off lands will have to burrow 
like moles underground, until they reach this happy valley, and 
like their brethren rise through its soil to hail their King. 

There is no doubt much truth mixed up in these absurd tra- 
ditions. The prophet Joel says, in the name of the Lord, "I 
will gather all nations, and will biing them down into the 
valley of Jehosaphat, and will plead with them there for my 
people and for my heritage Israel, whom they have scattered 

among the nations, and parted my land Let the heathen 

be wakened and come up to the valley of Jehosaphat; for there 

will I sit to judge the heathen round about Multitudes, 

multitudes in the valley of decision; for the day of the Lord is 
near in the valley of decision. The sun and the moon shall be 
darkened, and the stars shall witlnlraw their shining. The 
Lord shall roar out of Zion and utter bis voice from .Jerusalem; 
and the heavens and the earth shall shake, but the Lord will 
be the hop; of his people and the strength of the children of 
Israel. 

Zachariah, al-o, speaking for the Lord, says that He will 
gather all nations to battle against Jerusalem, which is to be 
taken and suffer all the horrors of a conquered city, lialf its 
peojile being led forth into cajitivity. "Then shall the Lord 
go forth and fight against those nations, as when he fought in 
the day of battle. And his feet shall stand in that day upon 
the mount of (Jlives, which is before Jerusalem on the east, 
and the mount of Olives shall cleave in the midst thereof 
towards the east and towards the west, ami there shall be a 
very great valley; and half the njountain shall remove towards 
the north and half towards the south." Thus we .see that the 
valley of Jehosajilial lias jet to witness many wonderful scenes, 
connected with the reden]i)tion of I.-racI and the coming of 
the Messiah. It is these trullis, njixed uji with the false tradi- 
tions of their i>riests, that have shaped into the lijoli.-h ideas 
that we have given above. But of wliat the prophets have 
said all will be I'ullilled. 

There are sad stories interwoven with the history of the 
va'ley (jf Jehiisaphat. IJere right luiJer the sliadow of tlie 
temple of the living God, the apostate jieople sacrilieed their 
children to Moloch am] other deities of the neighboring heathen 
nations. Here their wicked kings planted groves and built 
altars to Baal, as if in uiockciy of the sacred buildings above 
them. 

There is one tomb or pillar in the valley that is of iicculiar 
interest. Tiadition points it out as that pillar the Scriptures 
tell us Absalom, the rebellious son of David, raised to his ow" 



' name; for lie said "I have no son to keep uiy name in remem- 
brance." The Jews are in the habit of spitting at it, and 
throwing stones at it as they pass by. Here also they bring 
their children and tell them of Absalom's fate, as a warning to 
them to avoid Absalom's sin, and to keep them in mind of 
that law of God: "Thou sbalt honor thy father and thy mother 
that thy days may be long in the land which the Lord thy God 
giveth thee." G. 11. 



Xj I in IE OIF G- E o i^ a- E 

STEI^HIEIsrSOlsr. 



Taken from a little work—Tnv. 'RocTiv.T—puhUahed hy the 
American Tract Society. 



IN 1C02, an old writer states, "There is an admirable commo- 
diousness both for men and women of the better rank to 
travel from London, the like of which has not been known in 
the world; and that is, by stage-coaches, wherein one may be 
transferred to any place, sheltered from foul weather, with a 
velocity and speed equal to the fastest posts in foreign coun- 
tries; for the stage-coaches called 'Flying-coaches' make forty 
or fifty miles a day." 

An English paper, bearing the date of January, 177.5, has 
this advertisement; "Hereford Machine. In a day and a 
half, twice a week, continues flying from the Swan in Hereford, 
Monday and Thursday, to London." 

What would the peojile of those days say to a railroad car, 
especially on the ''Lightning Train?'' 

The first stage-eoaeh between Boston and New York began, 
June 24th, 1772, to run once a fortnight, .starting on the thir- 
teenth, and arriving on the twenty-eighth, fifteen days' travel. 
Now the distance is gone over in le.ss than the same number of 
hours. Aiid so tlie first stage-coach between New York and 
Philadelphia, begun in 17.J6, occuiiied three days in the jour- 
ney. Three days dwindle down to three hours in the car.s. 

In the Scriptures we find Isaiah with prophetic ej-e looking 
over the centuries to these later times, and penning down, 
"Every valley shall be exalted, and every mountain and hill 
shall be made low; and the crooked shall be made straight, 
and the rough places plain;" and "swift messengers" are seen 
executing the world's aft'airs — no meagre description of the 
great means of intercourse in our day, the railway and tele- 
graph. The prophet saw it in a clearing of the track for the 
kingdom of the Uodeemer, which is .sometime to spread over 
the whole earth as "the waters cover the sea " Men make 
good tools and instruments for themselves. They forget they 
are i)erfectiiig them for God also, who is using them, and who 
will use them to make known the precious gospel of his Son, 
"peace on earth, and good will to men." 



What became of George Stephen'^on and his son Robert? 
the boys will have the curiosity to ask. 

George and Bobert Stephenson took their rank among the 
gr(!at men of England — that class of great men who conliibute 
to till' true prospeiity of the world, by giving it better tools to 
do its labor with. A good tool is a great eivilizer. The more 
peit'eet the instrument, the greater the number of persons 
beiiefiled; fur the sagacity necessary to invention and discovery, 
and the intelligence required to mature them, are large-hearted 
and broad-minded. They work for the many, 'not the few. 

The history ofrailways in England it is not my object to 
give you, and that enters largely into the remaining jieriod of 
George Ste|jhenson's life; you will find it fully detailed in 
STiiile's life of him. He _becamc rich and iamous, yet he 
always preserved the .simple habits and tastes ol his early days 



}^9' 



^ 






-^ 



**' 



J- TJ ^ E isr I Xj E! IlSrSTI^TJOTOI^ 



Ui. 



Though asked to dine at the richly spread tables of lords and 
baronets, no dish suited his taste better than his fiupal oat- 
meal "crowdie," and no cook served it better than himself. 
Kings and queens thought it a privilege to talk with him. 
Liverpool erected a statue of him. The king of Belgium 
knighted him. He cared little for honors. When somebody, 
wishing to dedicate a book to him, asked what his "ornamental 
initials" were; "I have to state," replied he, "that I have no 
flourishes to my name, either before or after. 1 think it will 
be as well, if you merely say, 'George Stephenson.' " 

Young men beginning life often called upon him for advice 
and assistance. He hated show and foppery, and a weakness 
in that direction often got reproof One day one came flourish- 
ing a gold-headed cane. "Put by that stick, my man," said 
Steijhenson, "and I will talk with you." 

"You will, sir, I hope, excuse me," he said, on another 
occasion, to a gaily dressed youth; "I am plain spoken, and am 
sorry to see a clever young man like you, disfigured by that 
fine-pattorned waistcoat, and all those chains and fang-dangs. 
If I, sir, had bothered my head with those things when I was 
of j'our age, I would not have been where I now am." 

Wholesome as were his reproofs, his counsel was as reliable, 
and his help as timely. From the mine of his own rugged 
experience, he had gathered truths richer than grains of gold; 
and he never allowed any good opportunity to pass without 
insisting upon the practice of those homelier and sterner virtues 
which form the strong woof of character. When building a 
road between Birmingham and London, Robert walked twenty 
times over the entire route, illustrating the patient assiduity 
taught him by his father. No slip-shod work could escape 
their eye. ''^Neglect nothing " was their motto. As a Killing- 
worth collier, he put his brains and his heart into his work. 
As a master-builder, he put his conscience into it. All his 
work was honest, representing the actual character of the man. 
\Vhen the rough and tumble of life began to sub.side, and 
he became a more stationary engine, with greater leisure for 
the enjoyment of his now ample home, his old love for birds, 
dogs, horses and rabbits revived. There was not a bird's nest 
upon bis grounds that he did not know, and he often watched 
their buildiug with a builder's interest; a blade of grass, a bit 
of bark, a nest of birds, an ant tugging for one poor grain, 
were all to his mind revelations of the wonderful mechanism 
and creative power of God. 
He died in August, 1848, intlie sixty-seYenth year of his age. 
Robert proved himself worthy of such a father. They were 
alike in character, intimately associated in the great engineering 
enterprises of the day, and bound to each other by the fondest 
afi'ection. 

George built roads, Robert bridges to run them over; for 
railroads have given birth to the most stupendous and splendid 
bridges the world ever saw. The famous tubular bridge over 
the straits of Menai, connecting Holyhead with the main land, 
and the High Level bridge of Newcastle, built by him, are 
monumcots of engineering skill. You often see pictures of 
them. The most remarkable work of his genius, however, is 
on this side of the Atlantic ocean. 

The Grand Trunk railway of Canada, terminating at Mon- 
treal, was wanted to connect with the seaboard; and the 
road wa.s extended from Montreal to Portland, Maine. But 
the river St. Lawrence, deep and broad, sweeping down its 
mighty current the waters and ice of the great lakes, broke the 
line and separated the road into two part.s. The river must be 
spanned. A bridge must be built. It was a i-tupendous umler- 
taking, but Robert Stei)henson can do it. Robert Stcphenscin 
did do it. It is thrown fnmi Languiro to a point half a mile 
below the city, a distance of nearly two miles. It is composed 




of twenty-four spans, and has three million feet of solid mason- 
ry in it. The road runs through iron tubes, sixty feet above 
the river, and the train is nine minutes going across. There 
are ten thousand tons of iron in the tubes. It was six years in 
building. It is called the Goliath of bridges, and is named the 
Victoria bridge, in honor of the queen. 

Robert drafted, calculated estimated and superintended 
section after section of this immense work, and yet never 
visited the scene of labor; photographs were sent him of its 
progress step by step. It was finished December, 1859, and 
opened with all the festal honors possible in that season of the 
}'ear. At the entertainments given there was one toast: "Rob- 
ert Stephenson, the greatest engineer the world ever saw," 
followed by no cheers. 

For Robert Stejihenson was dead. He died the 12th of 
October, two months before the full completion of the work, 
in the rich prime of a noble manhood. His death was looked 
upon as a public calamity, and England, with a tnie sense of 
his worth, laid him side by side with her most honored dead. 
He was buried in Westminster Abbey, with her kings and 
queens, her princes and poets, her warriors and statesmen. 
The funeral procession was between two and three miles long; 
thousands lined the streets, and thousands pressed into the 
abbey. Tickets were necessary in order to get entrance; and 
one of the most pressing applicants was an humble work- 
ing-man, who years before di-ove the first locomotive-engine 
from Birmingham to London, with Robert Stephenson at his 
elbow. 

The humble Newcastle collier-boy crowned his life with hon- 
orable toil; and at his death, a nation mourned a great man 
fallen. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 
ON THE HISTORY OP THE INDIANS. 



oG. What family had Ishmael? 

A wife, two sons and five daughters. 

57. Did they all return to Lehi in safety? 
Yes. 

58. After this, how long did they travel in the widerness? 
Eight years. 

59. What did they name the country they halted in after their 
eight years' travel? 

Bountiful. 

(iO. Was it by the sea or inland? 

By the sea. 

61. What did God command Nephi to do? 

Build a ship. 

CU. Did he do so? 

Yes. 

(33. What did they do then? 

All went into the ship. 

1)1. Across what ocean did they saU? 

The Paeilic. 

65. To what continent wore they led? 

.South America. 

(i(). What is that part of the country now called on which 
they landed? 

Chili. 

(")7. A city now stiinds near where they landed; what is its 
name? 

Valparaiso. 

(is. What did tho Lord command Ncphi to make? 

I'lates of nielal. 

(ill. What for? 

To write on. 

"0. After tho death of Lehi did Laman and Lemuel rebel 
against Nephi? 

Yes. 



m^^^- 







3'^^^i 




Tt0 3^ttfi(ttil$ Insfruclup. 






2' 



MAY 1.-., I SOS. 



xc:oiTOii. 




ASSIN(_i into a SuiKl;iy Sehool lately we 
:saw a group of boys collected in the mid- 
dle of the street. One of them had a 
saddled hor^e, and he was lengthening 
the stirrups, with the intention of riding. 
We should have passed them without 
noticing them particularly, had wo not 
heard the one that had the horse ask that 
he might be damned if he did not do some- 
thing or other. The expression astonished 
us, for it is a very rare thing for us to hear 
cursing or swearing in our streets, especially 
from boys. But this boy asked that he might be 
cursed in such a way that led us to think he was 
accustomed to use such language. lie seemed to 
^(r*^'t tlii'i'^ that, as he was a larger boy than those who 
0[Jr) stood around him, he could impress them with the 
idea that ho was smart and manly by talking in that 
way. We are very much mistaken, however, if the 
little boys who heard him did not think him a very ignorant, 
low-bred boy for using such expressions. 

The most of our boys go to Sunday School, and there they 
are taught that it is low and mean to use bad language. AVe 
are satisfied that such boys do not admire those who curse and 
swear; they pity them. It is very foolish lor a boy to think 
that bad language is a sign of either smartness or manliness. 
It is a sign of ignorance and low breeding. Whenever a man 
or boy indulges in vulgar language, or in cursing and swearing, 
he degrades himself in the eyes of every sensible person, and 
if he had the proper feeling, he would be ashamed of himself 
Some people curse and swear, by way of giving force to their 
language. But does it have that effect? It certainly does 
not. Teamsters who curse and swear have no more control 
over their horses, cattle or mules than those who do not. If 
any boy doubts this, let him watch the nmles and oxen which 
come here in the freight trains. They are mostly driven by 
teamsters who come from the States, and who think that ani- 
mals cannot be controlled without heavy whipiiing and cursing 
and swearing. The oaths which they use are terrific. But their 
teams do not mind them. 

But you watch the trains that arc owned by men who will 
not allow their teamsters to curse and swear at their teams, and 
you will see that their animals obey them though they do not 
make any fuss or noise, and do not whip them severely. If men 
who do not swear should have to drive teanjs that have been 
cursed and beaten, they may have some little trouble at first 
in making them mind; but the teams will soon learn to obey 
them, and will do more for them than they did for their 
fiirmcr drivers. Animals know when they are v.-ell-trcatcd, and 
kindness is not thrown away upon them. Of course, with 
men, kind words and mild expressions go much lurthcr and 
have greater weight than har.-h, noisy words and cursing and 
swearing. The former win them, while the latter only make 
them angry. 

Boys, avoid cur.-ing, swearing, vulgar and uncouth language, 
and everything of that nature. People will resi)ect you for so 
doing. Even wicked boys and men admire and honor in their 



C^-.' 



secret hearts the bovs and men who control their tongues and 
who do not speak rudely and profanely. 



ISTEID'S "nDHDIsT'T THHnTIC". 



OI'ENIXCr the door of a friend's house one day, I made my 
way through the entry to the small back court, where 
Ned, the only son, was crying bitterly. 
"Ah Ned, what is the matter?" 

"Mother won't let me go fishing. Harry and Tom are going 
to the harbor and I want to go." 

Here Xed kicked his toes angrily against the post, to the 
great danger of his new boots. 

"A\ hose little dog is this?" I asked, as a brown spaniel came 
bounding up the garden walk. 

"It's mine," cried Ned, in an altered tone. 

"No, indeed. What a fine little fellow! Where did you 
get him, Ned?" 

"Father bought him for me. He is so knowing, and I teach 
him many things. See him find my knife;" and Ned, wiping 
away his tears, threw liis knife into the grass. 

"There, Wag," said he, "now go and find my knife." Wag 
plunged into the grass, and after a great deal of smelling and 
wagging, he came triumphantly forth, and brought the knife 
to his young master. 

"Give it to him," said Ned, pointing to me, and Wag laid 
it at my feet. 

"This is a knife worth having," said I; "four blades." 

"Tis a real good one," said Nod; "father gave it to me on 
my birthday; and he gave me a splendid box of tools, too." 

Ned looked u]) brightly, and quite forgot his crying. 

"Let me think," said I. "Was it this knife that you hurt 
your foot so with?' ' 

"0, no," cried Ned, "that was done with an ax; but I've 
got well now." 

"I was afraid you would be laid up all the spring." 

"Well, it was mother's nursing, the doctor says. Mother 
and father took very good care of that. It was lonely staying 
in the house so; but mother used to leave her work and read to 
me, and father often stayed with me." 

"I should think you had very kind parents, Ned." 

The boy looked down on the floor, and a slight pout puckered 
his lip. 

"I suppose there are none who have your interest and your 
hapjnness so much at heart. ' ' 

"But I want to go fishing," muttered Ned. 

"And can't you trust them, Ned, and willingly agree to their 
wislies? You may not, indeed, know the reason why they 
object to your going; but, from all your experience of their 
kindness and wisdom, arc you not sure that they would not 
cross your wishes without good reason for doing so? And, sur- 
rounded as you are by so many proofs of tlieir love, will you 
sit there and nuirmur and cry, and till your heart with angry 
and stubborn thiuights against them, because of this one little 
denial of your wants? Is not this a poor and ungrateful return 
for all their kindness? It is little enough that a child can do 
for a jiarent, but that little lie ought to do most cheerfuilj'. I 
suppose the best return a child can make to parents, is a cheer- 
ful obedience. How small that seems? And will you grudge 
giving that, Ned?" 

Ned looked sober. Tears started in his eyes. "0 sir," said 
he, humbly, "I did not think of all this — I didn't think of it." 

"Oidn't think" is at the bottom of a great deal of our in- 
gratitude and murmuriTig against both our earthly parents and 
our Father who is in heaven. — Selected. 



\1'\^- 





iaMglWWMg«gva::-a«raaa3m:fi ^ ■■.--rryf»-«no«a— ^..aMgin 



J" TJ -V" IB n^ I L E IltTSTI^TJOTOS.. 




For the Juvenile Instructor. 



THE engraving which we give herewith is known as the 
"Landing of the Pilgrims." We presume that all the 
JuVENir.ES who can read know something of the "Pilgrim 
Fathers." They were Englishmen; but on account of their 
religion they could not live peaceably in their own country. 
Their opponents called them "Puritans," as a nickname. They 
were harrassed, annoyed and oppressed in England, and they 
resolved to leave their native land and seek liberty in .some 
other countr3'. They made arrangements to sail to Holland; 
but when they were embarked, and, as they thought, just upon 
the point of sailing, officers came on board, who carried them 
off to prison.', j They treated them with indignity. But 
they finally succeeded in reaching Amsterdam, the principal 
city of Holland. This was probably in the fall or early winter of 
1607. They remained at that city about a y ar, and tlien John 



Ha never came to America; but died in Holland. His children, 
however, afterwards emigrated. The Pll.ORlMS sailed from 
Delfthaven for Southampton, England. From that port they 
sailed for America. The Speedwell leaked, and she put back. 
The May Flower, carrying one hundred and one men, women 
and children, after a boisterous passage of sixtv-three days, 
came in sight of the coast of New England, off the far-famed 
headland of Cape Cod. This was at daybreak on the 9th of 
November, 1620. 

When they sailed from England they expected to settle near 
the Hudson river, but adverse winds drove them upon the 
more northerly coasts of Massachusetts Bay. Before they 
landed they framed themselves into a body, chose a governor 
and drew up an agreement, which all the men signed. This 
document was the first instrument of civil government, of 
which we have any account, ever signed as the act of the whole 
people. It may be regarded as the foundation of civil and 
religious liberty in the Western World. 

The ocean lay between the Pilgrims and their persecutors, 





Robinson, who was their pastor, removed with his congregation 
to Leyden, another city of Holland. Here they lived several 
years. But though they had liberty of conscience in Holland, 
and were not persecuted, they were not entirely satisfied. They 
were Englishmen; the bad treatment they had received in Eng- 
land did not make them forget nor dislike their name and race. 
They did not wish their'children to grow up among a people 
whose 'language and customs wore strange to them. They 
wanted to find a lasting abiding place, where they could build 
up a "Christian commonwealth." They looked towards Amer- 
ica, and thought they could, as one of their number has written, 
"lay a foundation fur the gospel of Chri.st in those remote 
parts — even b»t as stepping stones to others for the perform- 
ance of so great a work." 

In IftiiO, they purchased two vessels — the Speedwell, of 
sixty tons, and the Ma;/ Flower, of one hundred and eighty tons. 
It was decided, upon the general request, that llobiiisoii should 
remain in Holland with those of the congregation who were 
unfit for pioneers, or were unable to find room iu the vessels. 



>et they found that their sufferings were but about to com- 
mence. They had reached a wild, inhospitable coast, with its 
severe frosts and cutting winds, as the winter was beginning to 
set in. But — 

"They sought not gold nor guilty ease , 

Upon this rock-bound .shore — 
They left such prizoless toys as these 

To those who loved them more. 
They sought to breathe a freer air, 

To worship God unchain'd; 
They welcomed pain and danger here, 
When rights like those were gain'd." 

The strongest men of the company proceeded to explore the 
country which they h.id reached. On Monday morning, 
December 12'Jnd, IGl!0, the band of pioneers first set foot upon 
the rock of Plymouth — so called in memory of their friends 
in the same town in Et)gland. They decided upon its fitness 
as a place of settlement, and returned, with the good news, 
to the rest of their people cooped up on board the May Flower, 



i.lc« 



5^ 




J-TJ^EH^IXjE! I3^STI^.TJOTOie,. 



( 




"which did much comfort their hearts." The anchor was 
jo3-fully weighed, and in a few days the vessel was brought 
around and moored in the harbor. The whole company landed 
near where the exi,lorcrs stepped ashore. In the illustration 
you see the May Fhiccr in the distance. On the shore the 
Pilgrims are assembled. They are offering up their thanks- 
givings to the Almighty, who has brought them across the 
stormy sea to this land of freedom. The figure standing in 
the centre of the group is intended for William Brewster, who 
acted as their spiritual leader after leaving Holland. 

There is a verj' great resemblance between the settling of 
New England by the Pilc.rdis, and the settling of these valleys 
by the Latter-day Saints. They sought freedom from persecu- 
tion; and were desirous, at all hazards, to find a jJace where 
they could worship God in freedom and security. So did the 
Latter-day Saints. In the perils of the deep— amidst sufferings 
on shore — in failing health — in bitter privation — the faith of 
the PiLGRiM.s sustaineil them. They desired to keep the com- 
mandments of God, and He blessed and sustained them. 

So with the Saints. In the midst of their enemies — in the 
trackless wilderness — in the sickness which assailed them at 
Winter Quarters — in the toilsome journey through an unknown 
country to this valley — in the scarcity of food — their trust was 
in God. Their faith did not falter, their coui-age did not faO 
them. 

In the case of the Pilgrim-S their deep religious feeling, 
their stern integrity, their guileless simplicity, their passion for 
freedom and abhorrence of ojiiiression, their obedience to law, 
their steady courage and hardy enterprise, their laborious, fru- 
gal and self-denynig habits, were the noble qualities which 
made them the fit founders of a great empire. 

It is these qualities which make the Latter-day Saints a 
power in the land; for they possess them to as great an extent 
as did the PiujiiiM Fathers, and they have an advantage, 
which those people did not have — they have the Uoly Priest- 
hood to guide them. 



ytitU Wttt^i^t^'^ Whu^. 



, For the Juvenile Instructor, 

"v XBXT :^:k.xx . 



THE LOUD WILL PROVIDE. 



[rONTINUEn.] 

Wf]EKS and months rolled away, and papa attended the 
works of Messrs. Goodman & Co. witli such fidelity that 
he became c|uitc a favorite with the members of the firm, who 
would frequently remark that no matter wliat his religious 
views were, he certainly was a very honest, faithful, indv.strious 
man. On the Sabbath day ho attcndr(l meetings, preached 
and bore testimony to the truth. Mary and Ellen went fre- 
fjuently with a sister, with whom they became ac(]uainted, tract 
distributing. In the branch to which they beluiiged there was 
a .society formed by some of the brethren and sisters, called 
the Tract Distributing Society. A tract is a small, unbound 
b<iok, giving a description of the princijiles of the gospel. 
These tracks they would leave at the houses in the neighbor- 
hood of the meeting house, and invite the people to attend the 
raeeting.s. Sometimes they wore kindly received, at other 
times they were abused and had the doors slammed in their 
facej. Sometimea they were invited into the houses and 



entreated to leave so fearful a delusion, and not to suffer them- 
selves to be so deceived by wicked men. This gave the sister 
an opportunity of bearing her testimony and advocating the 
truth, and many, many faithful testimonies for the truth have 
been given by the faithful sister-tract-distributors; and many 
an honest soul has received the truth through their labors. 

Sometimes papa would go a few miles out in the country to 
preach in the open air. At times he would receive good atten- 
tion. On other occasions they would abuse him and cast rocks 
and rotten eggs at him. You think it strange that people 
should be so wicked. Did not Jesus Christ suffer insults, 
revilinffs and, ultimately, death for preaching the gospel of life 
and salvation? Papa was one of his servants. They did not 
know anything about his conduct, whether he was a good man 
or not; but it was his principles. They were opposed to "Mor- 
monism," as they called it. The ministers of their churches 
and chapels had warned the people not to listen to the "Mor- 
monites," for they were the false prophets of the latter days, 
and would lead the people to destruction; consequently there 
was a prejudice against them, and wickedly inclined, cowardly 
boys and young men would take advantage of this prejudice to 
insult and abu.se the servant of God. And this, my dear chil- 
dren, is the way that your fathers have preached the gospel of 
Christ and sought after the sons and daughters of Lsrael. The 
world is opposed to them; they have torn aside the veil of 
superstition, and by the power of God have preached the gospel 
and warned the inhabitants of judgments to come. Your fath- 
ers are the sons of God, clothed with the holy priesthood, and 
can teach yon the principles of life and salvation. Listen to 
them; honor them; obey them that your days may be long upon 
the earth and enjoy pure happiness. 

Mary and Ellen loved their father dearly, and loved to obey 
him and do all they could for his happiness, for they knew that, 
through his toil, they enjoyed food and clothing and the com- 
fortable home to live in; and they prized his love and blessing. 
When he came home tired from his day's toil he always found 
his slippers and an easy coat by the easy chair, which was 
drawn up to the fireside, and everything looked so clean and 
cosy that it was fit for an angel to visit. All this .sprung from 
pure and holy love, without which there is no true happiness. 

And so the time rolled on, time spent in well doing, until, 
by patient industry and frugality, papa found himself the 
owner of sufficient means to emigrate to the valley of Great 
Salt Lake. Thankful indeed was this family when they found 
themselves the owners of sufficient means to emigrate to Zion. 
The season was drawing near for the emigration, and many 
were the important consultations and conversations tjjit were 
had. The girls were eager for the journey, and saw nothing 
but a pleasure trip; but their parents saw a journey of difliculties 
and trials — the voyage over the sea, with its shiji experience — 
the journey through the States, with its experience and dan- 
gers in the car.s — the journey over the plains, through an Indian 
country— and, lastly, a life in a new country, hundreds of miles 
from other settlements. They had one solid comfort, one great 
.stay: they know the object of their journey, and their experi- 
ence had taught them that God lived and that they were his 
children. They had obeyed his commandments, and were heirs 
to th?! great blessings of the new and everlasting covenant- 
This gave them hope, peace, confidence and joy, and would 
sustain them under all diflSculties. They calndy counselled 
together to go with as little luggage as they could, not to take 
anything tliat would not pay fur carriage, and to try to make 
everything count in their favor. 

(?b be Continued.) 



Blessed is he that oonsidereth the poor: the Lord will deliver 
him in time of trouble. 



<t^ 




■^^1 



CTTJ-VEI^ILE] IIsrSTI^.TJOTOI^. 




§io3Pa|^l|. 



1= I?. O IP EC E T . 



THIE 




N the 1st of July, 1841, President B. 
Young and Elders H. C. Kimball and 
John Taylor arrived at Nauvoo from their 
mission to England. Their brethren, who 
had been with them to England, were 
detained a few days after them by busi- 
ness, visiting their relatives, etc. They 
had performed a glorious mission, and 
they returned with great joy to their fam- 
ilies and to the society of the Saints. 
They had started upon their journey, as our 
readers will recollect, under very peculiar circum- 
stances. They were sick, their families were 
sick; and they were compelled to leave them 
without any visible means of support and with- 
out comfortable places to shelter them. Vet they 
started; and God proved to them that His promises 
are sure. He preserved them on their journey, fur- 
nished them means wherewith to travel, raised them 
up friends, healed them, and made them the instruments of 
bringing thousands to the knowledge of the truth. They now 
returned strong in body, rich in faith and experience, to find 
their families alive and well, and to rejoice, once more, in the 
society of the prophet and Saints of God. And could Joseph 
not appreciate them? His experience had taught him to place 
a high value upon men of truth and integrity. He delighted 
in the faithfulness of the Twelve. They had gone forth with- 
out hesitation to fulfill the command of God, and he knew that, 
now they had returned, they would sustain and be a comfort to 
him. Under the date of August 1st, he wrote: 

"All the Quorum ot the Twelve Apostles who were expected 
here this season, with the exception of Elders Willard lliciiards 
and Wilford Woodruff, have arrived. We have listened to the 
accounts which they give of their success, and the prosperity 
of the work of the Lord in Great Britain with jileasure. They 
certainly have been the instruments in the hands of God, of 
accomplishing much, and must have the satisfaction of know- 
ing that they have done their duty. Perhaps no men ever 
undertook such an important mission under such peculiar- 
ly distressing, forbidding, and unpropitious circumstances. 
Most of them when they left this place, nearly two years ago, 
were worn down with sickness and disease, or were taken sick 
on the road. Several of their families were also afflicted and 
needed their aid and support. But knowing that they had 
been called by the God of Heaven to preach the Gospel to 
other nations, they conferred not with flesh and blood, but 
obedient to the heavenly mandate, without purse or scrip, com- 
menced a journey of five thousand uiiles entirely dep<^ndent on 
the providences of that God who had called them to such a 
holy calling. While journeying to the sea board, ihey were 
brought into many trying circumstances; after a short recovery 
from severe sickness, they would be taken with a relapse, and 
have to stop among strangers, without money and without 
friends. Their lives were .several times despaired of, and they 
have taken each other by the hand, ex|)ectiiig it would be the 
last time they should beiiold one .-UKither in the flesh. How- 
ever, notwithstanding their afflictions and tiials, the Lord 
always interposed in their behalf, and did not sulTcr them to 



sink in the arms of death. Some way or other was made for 
their escape — friends rose up when they most needed them, and 
relieved their necessities; and thus they were enabled to pursue 
their journey and rejoice in the Holy One of Israel. They, 
truly, 'went forth weeping, bearing precious seed,' but have 
'returned with rejoicing, bearing their sheaves with them.' " 
On the 7th of August Don Carlos Smith, Joseph's youngest 
brother, died. He was twenty-five years old at the time of his 
death. He was a young man of considerable promise, and had 
been very active and zealous in the work from the commence- 
ment. He was one of the first to receive the testimony 
of Joseph respecting the gospel. The evening after the plates 
of the Book of Mormon were shown to the eight witnesses, a 
meeting was held at which all the witnesses bore testimony to 
the truth of the latter-day dispensation. Don Carlos was 
present at this meeting, and also bore the same testimony. 
He was ordained to the Priesthood when only fourteen years 
old, and at that early age accompanied his father on a mission 
to his grandfather and relatives in St. Lawrence county. New 
York. While on this mission he was the means of convincing 
a Baptist minister of the truth of the work of God. After 
this he took several missions, and was very active in the minis- 
try at home, being one of the twenty-four Elders, who laid the 
corner-stones of the Kirtland Temple. Before he was quite 
twenty years old he was ordained President of the High Priests' 
quorum, in which capacity he acted until the time of his death. 
He and his counselors laid the south west corner-stone of the 
Temple at Nauvoo. He was a printer, having learned the 
business in the office of Oliver Cowdery at Kirtland, and when 
the Elders' Journal was published there, he took charge of the 
establishment. After the Saints removed to Nauvoo, he com- 
menced making preparations for publishing the Tinics and 
Seasons. To get the paper issued at an early date he was 
under the necessity of cleaning out a cellar, through which a 
spring was constantly flowing, that being the only place where 
he could put up the press. He caught cold at this labor; and 
this, with administering to the sick, impaired his health, which 
he never fully recovered again. At the time of his death he 
was Brigadier General of the first Cohort o£ the Nauvoo 
Legion, and a member of the City Council of Nauvoo. Like 
Josei)h and his other brothers, he was a splendidly-formed 
man physically, being six feet four inches high, very straight 
and well-made, and strong and active. He was much beloved 
by all who knew him; for he was wise beyond his years, and he 
appeared to have a great future before him. His death was a 
heavy blow to his family and relatives. Joseph felt it severely. 



I^or the Juvenile Iinslrucfor, 

mSTOK/Y OIF- CTESCrS- 



CHAPTEll XVII. 



I-O 



WHAT an auspicious time — what a strange and interesting 
event! Jesus the Son of God, the Savior of the world, 
who had been crucified at Jerusalem — had bi^n to preach to 
the spirits in prison — had returned and with his body resurrec- 
ted from the tomb, had ascended up to heaven, had now again 
descended on the Western Continent and was standing in the 
presence of a nmltitude of people who saw him and heard his 
voice. It is no wonder that when they understood who he was, 
that in joyful astonishment they should havelallen to the earth. 
There was a man by the name of Nephi, whom Jesus com- 
manded to arise and come foi ward. And he arose and went 
anil bowed himself befwre Jesus and kissed his feet. Jesus 
told him to arise, and he stood uji, and Jesus gave him author- 



YfQ^ 



■^^^v\ 




9^ 



so 



CTTJ^En^ZLE! in^STI^TJCTOI^ 



^ 



'^d 






it.v to baptize in His name for the remission of sins. He also 
called eleven others unto him and conferred on them the same 
authority-, and gave them the same instructions as he gave to 
his chosen disciples in Jerusalem. Je.sus stood talking for a 
long time, sometimes addressing himself to the twelve he had 
chosen, and at other times to the multitude, instructing them 
how to be saved, by being baptized in His name for the remis- 
sion of their sins, and then bj- keejiing all of His command- 
ments. With very many other things, he told the twelve that 
they were a light to the people who were called a remnant of 
the house of Joseph; and that thi? was the laud of their inheri- 
tance which the Father had given unto them. 

When Jesus looked upon the multitude and saw that they 
were not able to comprehend all the words that his Father had 
commis.sioned him to say to them, he told (hem to return to 
their homes and ponder what he had said to them, and ask 
the Father in his name that they might understand, and thus 
prepare their minds for the morrow, when he would visit them 
again. He told them that he must return to the Father and 
then go and show himself to the lost tribes of the house of 
Israel, and come back to them the next day. Jesus was not 
idle — he was constantly doing good. 

When the people saw that Jesus was going to leave them, 
they looked so sorrowful and expressed in their countenances 
so much desire that he should remain longer, that his h. art 
was filled with sympathy, and he told them to bring all of the 
sick, blind, lame, deaf and all that were afflicted with any kind 
of di.>ease, that he might do for them the same as he had done 
for their brethren in Jerusalem, And the whole multitude 
Went immediately and brought the blind, the deaf and dumb, 
and all that were in any way afflicted, and he healed every one. 
And all those who had been healed and all those that were 
whole, bowed down and wor.shijiped him, and as many as could 
get near enough kissed his feet and bathed them with tears. 

Then Jesus commanded them to bring their little children: 
and tlicy brought them and sat them down on the ground 
aiound him and he stood in the midst of the children, for the 
multitude of jicoi'le drew back and gave jilace for them so that 
all Could be brought. As the group of children sat there, Jesus 
told the peoj.le to kneel down — he also knelt and prayed might- 
ily to ids Father, and the holy spirit rested down on the whole 
multitude, and they were filled with greater joy than it is possi- 
b;-- to express. And when Jesus had done praying he arose 
and told the people to arise Irom thi ir knees, and he ble-sed 
them and said they were bles.sed because of their faith; and he 
woiit, >aying -My joy is i'ull." And he took the little children 
one by one and bles>o<J them, and prayed for them. And again 
he vejit, and .-aid to the multiiude, "IJehold your little one*." 

And the peoide looked and saw the heavens opened, and the 
angi.ls ot (jod de>cend!i)g in ihi' midst of tire: and they came 
diiwu and encircled the children aruund, and those little ones 
were encircled about with fire, and the angels ministered unto 
tlicni. And the whole muliitude htard, and they all saw llie 
beautiful, gniiid and heavenly sight. It was a most splendid 
tableau Jbr mortal eye.s to gaze upon. It was exhibitr'd in the 
presence of abju^lwo iliou-aud and five hundred persons, men, 
Women and cliildren. 

After thi'i glorious exhibition. Je<ns commanded the twelve 
whom he had cho.-^en, to bring bread and wine to him, and 
while th'-y were gone for llie bread and wine, he told the multi- 
tude to ,-it down on the grouml: and he took the bread and 
blessed it, and pave to hi< diseijiles and told them to eat and 
then give to the multitude: and admiuisitered the wine in the 
same manner. After which he gave them a great deal of 
instruction, and then, one by one, he touched his disciples whom 
he had chosen and gave tlicm jjower to impart the Holy Ghost. 



After he had touched them all, a cloud overshadowed the mul- 
titude so that they could not see Jesus, and he departed from 
them and ascended into heaven. 

Then everj' man took his wife and children and went to his 
own home. E. R. S. 






f 



s IP IE?. I 3sr a- 



Oh, 'tis spring, 'tis beautiful spring, 
And the trees are all blooming around, 

And see how the tender young grass 
Spreads over the face of the ground. 

The birds are all building their nests, 
And can scarce spare a moment to eat. 

And yet they now and then stop on the spray, 
And pour forth a carol most sweet. 

The sheep are released from the fold 

To nibble their delicate meal, 
While the lambkins, as merry as May, 

Are gamboling over the hill. 

Every creature that lives is at work, 
To provide for the season to come; 

And he must be tilling the ground, 
Who would liave loaded wagons go home. 

Then will I be idle no more. 

But study as hard as I can, 
And a good stock of knowledge lay up. 

To use when I've grown to be a man. 

And as this is the spring of my life. 
The seeds of all goodness I'll sow, 

That as fast as my years shall increase. 
In iiiy heart every virtue may grow. 



The answer to the Charade in No. 8 is CALIFORNIA. 
The iiillowing sent us currect answers: M. E. bhipley, P. A. 
Jiruwn. A. A, Fitzgerald, E. A, .Smith, L. E, Fitzgerald, H. 
liurnham, M. J. Allen. A, FVutou, Mrs, \V. 1). Johnson, K. 
A. Cimdie, Jo.s. Toronto, jr., K. A, Lewis J, U, I'any, J. ]j. 
Evans, M. llammar. J. 15, ttoddart, JM. M. A. Yates, M. 
Weibye, J. M. F'i.sher, K. Thuvuiund, M. Cook. 



Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, 
neiiherdo they ^pm: audyci l -ay unto thee, that even Solo- 
mon in al! hi- g' ,t. was ;i(ii arrayed like one of these. 



7.V iiiihhJinf:'i lit ^i/U Lake Cil//, L'Uiti Tmritur}/, 
ON TllK I'lKST Jc KIFTKE.NTll OF KVKKY MOXTil. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Auuuiu $:i iio 

Siiit;le Copy, lor Six Muulljb 1 50 

erf II !.i PirpfHid whrrr iii/rntx /oni'nrd tuimes Ihrii will he re.rpmisible 
/ftr the pttjirrx tUuJi on/rrcd: ana when nanh jj'tj/ment.'i are made iheu 
II III jilra-K /urwiiiU them leil/i the teller cuill lininij the names of ike 
suhxertberx. 

*#- Klihr Win. n. Ulu-armim, Lopan, will act (« General Aaenl r„r 
Carhc Viilhij. ^ ^ 

»»- Urmn iiifiiKjht to this City for the .Iuvknii.e iN.STKCf-roK leillOe 
reeciled at the ojl/iee OJ our ;;'i;<ci— JLlt3l£iil,.T >;kws bL'Il,l>j»i;s, 



.^9 



