





SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1873. NO. 4. 



VOL. 8. 




THE present cen- 
tury can claim the 
honor of more useful 
inventions and dis- 
coveries than any 
which has preceded 
it, and the most use- 
ful and -wonderful, 
perhaps, are tt e rail- 
way and the electric 
telegraph. It is im- 
possible to estimate 
the worth of these 
two inventions in 
promoting the com- 
fort and convenience 
of the human family, 
but so widespread 
and general are the 
benefits which their 
use confers, that if 
the world were by 
some means to be 
completely deprived 
of them it would be 
regarded as a univer- 
sal calamity. But 
valuable and impor- 
tant as they are, they 
must yield, we think, 
to one made four 
centuries ago. We 
mean the art of 
printing. 

The immense im- 
portance and worth 
of this latter discov- 
ery can not be pro- 
perly estimated by 
us, who are used to 
seeing any number 
of newspapers, mag- 
azines and books, 
and, if we were to 
try, we could not 
form a very correct 
idea of a state of 



cos'X'EK. aTJTTiira- tyi^e 







society among civil- 
ize men ignorant of 
books and literature. 
It is not easy to 
tell the real worth of 
anything, no matter 
how good it is, if 
we have plenty of it 
all the time. You 
children who do not 
know what it is to go 
without wholesome 
food when you need 
it can not tell the 
real value of good 
bread, and if you 
were forced to live 
for a few da3's on 
that and water only 
you would no duubt 
think it quite a hard- 
ship, and it would 
not be very pleasant 
or agreeable. But 
there have been 
times since this Ter- 
ritory was settled 
when hundreds and 
perhaps thousands 
of people, just as 
worthy as any of you, 
would have thought 
a piece of good 
bread, without but- 
ter or anything to 
eat with it, a real 
luiury, and thoy 
would have given 
almost anything for 
it, but they could 
not get it. Unless 
you were to pass 
through times of 
famine you would 
never be as well able 
to relish and tell the 
value of good bread 




^ 



'^^ 



CrTJ^EIsriIL.E IISrSTI^TJOTOI^. 





as the brethren and sisters who lived ia Utah Territory during 
the first visitation of grasshoppers. 

It is a good deal so with any other good thing — unless you 
have at some time been pinched for the want of it, or been 
unable to procure it, you can not properly estimate its worth. 
This is just as true about bcoks, newspapers, magazines, tracts 
and other reading matter as anything else. To-day the best 
printing presses will print thousands of newspapers in an hour. 
l]ooks are also printed very fast; but before the discovery of 
printing it was very different. Then newspapers were un- 
known, and books were very scarce, for all of them were in 
writing, and you know how tedious it would be to makeacjpy of 
a book with a pencil or pen and ink. If you would like to try, 
just take one number of the Juvenile iNSTRacxoR and copy 
it, and you will be tired long before you get through, small as 
it is. In the times when the few books that were in existence 
were written, men used to fallow copying as a trade, but it was 
a tedious process, and books were very dear, and nobody owned 
them but the rich. 

In such a rade state of society, as one without books must 
be, j'ou can readily understand that knowledge and intelligence 
would not be very wide spread, and the fact is that in the times 
we are now writing about they were confined almost wholly to 
those who had the disposition to do so and could aft'ord to give all 
their time to study. Few could read and write then, and one 
of the early kings of England, of the Norman dynasty, had the 
title of Beauclerc because he could write. 

Before the discovery of printing the minds of men were, so 
to speak, locked up. If they had great and good thoughts they 
had very little means of making them known. The world's 
thinkers are the world's greatest teachers, but in those dark ages 
the thinkers— those who, if they had had the chance, would 
have been the teachers, preachers and lecturers — could not 
travel about as we can now. Ivobbers were plentiful, the roads 
bad, traveling dangerous then, all over Europe, and thousands 
of men lived and died without going as far in a long lifv as we 
can gD in a day. But the invention or discovery of jiriuting 
was the dawning of a brighter day for the world. It burst the 
bands in which men's minds had before been bound, and did 
more fur human freedom than any one thing ever seen or 
thought of in the world before or since. 

These changes, however, were not sudden. They were of 
slow growth. Ttie inspiration which led to them was one of 
the grandest which ever passed from the portals of heaven to 
earth, but you must not .suppose that one jump was made from 
wrili;;g books with a pen or pencil to printing them with the 
.speed common in our day. Oh no, no such thing. The power 
of the press is now the gi.mt power of the world, but it has not 
had a mushroom growth. It began very small, and at its 
commencement it was but a small advance on writing, and the 
contrast between that and the marvels of the printer's art that 
we see, was as great as that between the strength of a newborn 
babe and the strongest man that ever lived. More than a cen- 
tury after, so scarce were books, that a printed Bible in Eng- 
land was such a rarity, that one was as much as a jiarish could 
boast of, and it would be fastened by a chain in one of the most 
public parts of the church, and tiie people would assemble 
together to hear one of tiioir number read it. But we ujust 
tiow tell )'ou .something about the discoverers of this great art, 
and the way it was made. 

Two cointrijs — Germany and Holland — claim it. The Ger- 
mans say that a man named Gutenberg, born at the town of 
>Ientz, in the principality of He.ssedarmstadt, was the first 
printer, and that ho did his first printing about the year 1450. 
The people of Holland claim that one of their countrymen 
named Coster, a resident of Haarlem, invented printing, and 
their evidence is pretty good; but whichever did the first print- 
ing it matters little, both men .seem to be entitled to about equal 
honor, for with printing as with many other great discoveries, 



it seems that more than one man was led to ponder on the same 
.subject, and from pretty clear historical evidence, it appears that 
Gutenberg and Coster — men living in different countries, and 
unknown to each other — did actually invent or discover the art 
of printing at about the same time. 

Both Gutenberg and Coster were men of inventive, ingenious 
turns of mind, the former, particularly, being noted all his life for 
curious contrivances. In fact he was a kind of German Yankee, 
always trying his hand at bringing out some funny little machine 
or other. Finally he struck upon his masterpiece, and the 
masterpiece of the whole world of invention — the art of printing. 
And how do you think he did it? It was very simple, and so 
you will say when we tell you. 

His wife's name was Anna, and they had a very sincere 
affection for each other. Anna seemed to have an idea that her 
husband was a great genius, and she did what she could to 
encourage him in his inventions. One day he was amusing 
himself with whittling on a piece of wood, and when he had 
finished, he showed it to his wife with great pleasure, for there, 
on the flat surface of the wood, were cut the outlines of four 
letters — A-n-n-a — his wife's name. He covered them with 
some dark liquid — the first printer's ink — and then stamped 
them on paper, and the word Anna was the first word ever 
printed, the first printing ever seen. 

The rumor of Gutenberg's curious invention soon got abroad, 
and he was regarded as a man who held communion with the 
powers beneath. Those who got a living by copying raised the 
outcry against him, that he was taking from them the means of 
getting a living, just as in this century there have been outcries 
raised against railways, and against various kinds of machines 
capable of doing a great deal more work in a given time than 
men could do by hand. Gutenberg, however, kept working at 
his new discovery trying to iujprove and perfect it; but on 
account of some trouble with the rulers of his native city, ha 
left there and went to live at Strasbourg, one of the cities 
so badly damaged Liy the Prussians in their late war with 
France. 

At Strasbourg our inventor made the acquaintance of a 
wealthy man named Faust, who furnished him means to carry 
on and perfect his invention; and nowa-days you seldom hear 
the invention of printing mentioned without the honor being 
given to Faust. 'J'he truth is, however, that Faust only found 
the money to do as related above. This is just the way that 
Elias Howe, of Massachusetts, the inventor of the sewing 
machine, has been served within the last thirty years. He was 
too poor to establish the manufacture of sewing machines after 
ha had invented them, and he failed to find any of his country- 
men williiig to help him with money. They thought the idea of 
sewing hundreds of stitches a minute with a machine was fool- 
ish, and if they let Howe have money to try and make such a 
machine, it would be only throwing it away. So Howe went 
to London, and there he found a merchant named Smith, who 
was clear headed enough to see that the sewing machine was 
not a humbug, and he advanced the means to commence their 
manufacture, and the first machines made in Engliind — the 
Howe machine — used to be called Smith's sewing machine, and 
the man who only found the money, for years reaped more of 
the honor and the profit arising from this very useful invention 
than the man to whom it really belonged. 

But we must return to Gutenberg, now settled in Strasbourg, 
about the year 1450. He used to cut out with a knife the pages 
for whatever work he had to do, a very slow i)rocess, and, as 
we have said, not very far in advance of copying with a pen. 
Just take a piece of wood, say half an inch thick, and eight inches 
by ten, about the .size of an ordinary light of glass, and try to 
cut the outlines of letters with a pocket knife, and you will find 
that it is slow and diflicult work. Well, this is the way that the 
inventor of printing worked. 

One day he had a great misfortune. He had completed a 





J- TJ "V E3 IsT I IL. El I IST S T I?. TJ O O? O I^,, 



S7 



page of this kind of work, -when by some accident it got split 
into several pieces. Here was a loss ! But it proved to be a 
great gain, for it gave the great inventor the idea of moveable 
types, or cutting the letters separately, and from that time on 
he worked that idea out, aud thenceforth the art of printing 
made more rapid progress, and Gutenberg and Faust carried on 
the business for a number of years. But their partnership at last 
came to an end. The returns from the business did not satisfy 
Faust and he sued his partner for money he had let him have, 
and Gutenberg died poor and uncared for. 

You have learned that the German inventor made his great 
discovery by cutting the four letters of his wife's given-name on 
a piece of wood. The beautiful engraving at the head of this 
article shows the way in which the same discovery was made by 
Coster, the Hollander. You see he is cutting the bark of a 
tree into the forms of letters. Coster also carried on the busi- 
ness in a rude kind of a way, but neither he nor Gutenberg, 
nor the age aud nations in which they lived, seem to 
have had any particular idea of the importance of the dis- 
covery, and neither of these men ever received any special 
marks of honor or favor while they lived; but since then 
monuments have been reared to their honor in both Germany 
and Holland, aud to their names is attached a fame that will 
never die. 

Many of you v/ho read this may thiiik that there was nothing 
very clever or wonderful in cutting the outlines of letters on a 
piece of wood or the bark of a tree; and it is true that if you 
were to do it now it would not be a feat worthy of particular 
notice. It is so with a very many more useful things, when 
once seen or known, their simplicity is as striking as their use- 
fulness. Scarcely anything is more simple than to cut the 
rough outlines of li;tters on a piece of wood. Almost any 
little boy could do it with his pocket knife, and do it perhaps 
quite as well as Guteuberg or Coster did. But it was never 
done until they did it; and simple as it now seems, the first 
time it was done, now little more than four hundred years ago, 
it was the birth of a grand idea, the result of a glorious inspira- 
tion, and has been the parent of greater revolutions and changes 
in the history and condition of nations thaa any that wore ever 
brought about by gunpowder, cannon and sword. Since then 
the art has made wonderful i)rogress, and to-day the power of 
the press is the mightiest in the world, and under its protecting 
wing liberty is extending, and intelligence becoming more wide- 
spread every day; and it is perh?ps safe to say that no two men 
were ever more deserving of honor from their fcUowmcn than 
Coster of Haarlem, and Gutenberg of Mentz. 



O H: TJ K> O HI. 

[Continued.) 



T EC E 




"rpHKSE were Mormons, famishing in Lee county, lowi, in 
_l the fourth wei;k of the mouth of September, in the j'ear of 
our Lord 1810. The city — it was Nauvoo, 111. The Slormons 
were the owners of that city, and the smiling country around. 
And those wiio stojip.'d their ploughs, who had silenced their 
haunners, their axes, their shuttles, and their workshop wheels; 
those who had put out their flies, who had eaten their food, 
spoiled their orchards, and trainplod under foot their thousands 
of acres of unharvestcd bread; these were the keepers of their 
dwellings, the car.jusers in tlicir Temple, whose drunken riot 
in'ulted tiie ears of their dving. 

" I think it was as I tnriieil from the wretched night watch 
cf which I have spuken, that 1 first listened to the sounds of 
revel of a party of the guard within the city. Above the 
distant hum of the voices of many, occasionally rose distinct the 
loud oath-tainted exclamation, and the falsely intonated scrap of 



vulgar song; but lest this requiem should go unheeded, every 
now and then, when their boisterous orgies strove to attain a 
sort of ecstatic climax, a cruel spirit of insulting frolic carried 
some of them up into the high belfry of the Temple steeple, 
and there, with the wicked childishness of inebriates, they 
whooped, and shrieked, and beat the drum that I had seen, 
and rang in charivaiic unison their loud-tongued steam-boat 
bell. 

"They were, all told, not more than six hundred and forty 
persons who were thus lying on the river flats. But the Blor- 
mons in .Nauvoo and its dependencies had been numbered the 
year before at over twenty thousand. Where were they ? 
They had last been seen, carrying in mournful trains their 
sick and wounded, halt and blind, to disappear behind 
the western horizon, pursuing the phantom of another 
home. Hardly anything else was known of them : and peo- 
ple asked with curiosity, 'What had been their fate — what 
their fortune?' " 

The course that President Young and the Camp of Israel 
took with the Indians they were brought in contact with, aud 
on whose lands they located, had the effect of producing good 
feelings among them. But there were some meddlesome per- 
sons who seemed determined to make trouble for the Saints, on 
account of their having temporarily settled on land claimed by 
the Omaha aud Pottawatomie Indians. Major 51. H. Harvey, 
Superintendent of Indian Affairs, called on I'resident Young 
at Winter Quarters, on the 1st of November, 1846, and stated 
that he wished the camp to remove from the lands belonging to 
the Indians, and complained of the Saints burning the Indians' 
wood. lie stated that he had received letters from the Depart- 
ment of Indian Affairs on the subject and that his instructions 
were that no white persons should be permitted to settle on the 
lands of the Indians without the authority of Government. 
President; Young explained to him that their delay had been 
caused by the demand that had been made on them by the 
Government to furuish troops. The most efficient men of the 
camp had gone as suldiers to Mexico in the service of the 
United States, and their families were lefc destitute and 
dependent on their friends in the camp, who could uot 
proceed without leaving them to suffer. It was clearly evideut 
that the movement was instigated by the enemies of the 
Saints who were not content to see them enjoy peace and 
rest even in mud hovels and dirt roofed cabins. Though 
the Indians bad ciimmitted a number of depredations, such 
as the stealing of stock froin them, the Saints had less to 
fear from them if left to act on their own inclinations than from 
the interference of white men. 

President Young wrote to Big Elk, chief of the < tmaha 
Indians, requesting him to restrain his Indians from stealing, 
and sent him some presents. A number of letters also passed 
between the High Council in Winter Quarters and Major 
Harvey on the question of settlement on Indian lands, and 
Wm. Clayton was dispatched to Council Bluffs to get from 
him a copy of his instructions from Washington. It afterwards 
ajipeared that the department at Washington did not evince 
half the anxiety about the encroachment on Indian lands that 
Major Harvey represented, but the prubability was that he had 
been induced by others to exercise his authority so as to annoy 
the "Mormons." In answer to President Young's letter to 
him. Big Elk paid him a visit aud apologized for the depreda- 
tions comnntted by the few unruly Indians of his tribe, ex- 
pressed his gratitude for the presents .•^ent him and promised 
to try to restrain his Indians, and excused them by saying that 
the whites who visited them rcpresentej the "Mormons" as 
being a very bad set of people, a statement which supported the 
Ssints in the belief that they had (or some time entertained, 
that the Indians were pronii>ted by white men to steal IVoUi and 
probably make a violent outlireak upon them. 
(70 be conlinueil.) 




%4 




2S 



0" TJ ^ E! n^ I L El IISTSTI^/TJOTOI?.. 




€5|t$ Suftniil^ Itt^frucitDP* 



(^ 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUKDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1873. 







LL of you who have ivaJ the "EJitorial 
* Thoughts" ill the last two numbers are 
prepared uow to read the third and, for 
the present, the last article in continuation 
of the subjects therein touched upon. 
You know that reference has been made 
to some of the changes which have taken 
place among the peojile of Utah, within 
the past lew year.-i, and the causes to which 
they are due. The bearing which they are 
ikely to have upon the young and inexperienced 
will be the subject of comment this week. 
L'Jfl^rxS.L) The young folks who have been born and raised 
T'T'iriK* I j,^ Utah, while they have enjoyed fewer of the 
advantages of education than some raised in other 
parts of the world, have had advantages which, 
rhaps, may be considered more than a sufficient 
ofl'set for this loss. The tone of the moral atmosphere 
they have lived in has been of a much more healthy 
character than that of any other pa^'t of t'hristeudom. 
They have been reared where vice in any form has 
been almost unknown. Good examples have been sot before 
them; tluy have been taught to pray to and serve the Lord, 
and t.) walk in the paths of virtue and happiness. 

How difFerent this is to the scenes and examples seen by 
children in old .settled countries ! do to any town, half as large 
as this, in any part of Christendom, and vice, in its most allur- 
ing and inviting forms, is to be met with on every hand; and 
profane language is .so common that when heard it causes no 
surprise or cnmment, and it is hardly possible for young folks 
there to remain pure and undefiled, for they see more to induce 
them to follow in the broad than in the narrow path. 

Until within the i)ast few years there has been little or 
nothing of this kind among the Saints, and even uow, marked 
as are the changes which we have montioned, we see here very 
few of the evils which prevail in all jiortions of old-settled 
Christian countries. However, owing to the inexperience of 
the young hero, they are more likely to bo allured by gilded 
vice than those who have been raised elsewhere and have 
emigrated to Utah. 

There arc thousands of youngpeoplc,from nine to twenty years 
old, who have been born and raised in Utah Territory. They 
have been baptized members of the Church, have entered into 
covenant to keep the commandments of God. Will inexperi- 
ence and ignorance excuse any of them if they should follow 
the evil examples of those who are hardened in sin and take 
pleasure in iniquity i( Not the least. The gospel atid the 
covenants they have made arc no less binding on them than 
upon tho.se who are rider than they, and they can not break one 
or disregard the teachings of the other and be hold guililess in 
the sight of (Jod. We are happy in the bi;licf that the veiy 
great m.ijority of our young pco|)le are living acceptably befne 
the Lord; tliat they feel a di^sire to keep their covenants, and to 
lead the life of .Saints. Hut there are some. We regret to say, 
who arc not of this class. Walk along the streets of this cit}', 
either on week days or Sundays, and you may hear boys — the 
children of old members of the Church — using very impinp r 



language, while their practices in other respects, although not 
what the civil law would regard as criminal, lack that propriety 
by which they should be marked, and if they do not mend 
their ways some of them will ripen into vicious and dishonorable 
manhood. A few of the girls, too, are giddy and often act ia a 
manner which makes one believe that their minds are more 
taken up with the pleasures and follies of fashion than with 
that which is more profitable. Examples of this kii.u are not 
numerous among either sex, but there are some here, and we 
have no doubt it is the same in other cities and settlements. 

It is just as necessary that the integrity of young folks 
should be tested as of those of riper years; and that those born 
and raised in Utah, with good examples before them and sur- 
rounded by good influences, should be proved as those who 
have been born and reared in places where these advantages 
have not been possessed. Hundreds of the latter class have 
obeyed the gospel and stand faithful and true to its precepts 
and their covenants. Shall those who have enjoyed more 
advantages than they gain its highest blessings on any easier 
terms? No, that would be unjust, and hence the necessity of 
all, young or old, being tested and proved. 

But while this is the case, there is an increase of responsi- 
bility in times and under such changes as we have noticed 
upon all who have children, in any capacity, under their 
care and control. The Psalmist says " Children are the 
heritage of the Lord, and blessed is the man whose quiver is 
full of them." But like all other gifts from God, children are 
a source of honor and blessing to those who possess them only 
when controlled or directed to the glory of the Giver. If chil- 
dren are taught good lessons and early learn to serve the Lord 
they will be a blessing to their parents; but if allowed to grow 
up with minds and bodies uncultivated and neglected it is vain 
to expect them to be a source of honor or blessing to themselves 
or to their parents. Hence it is the duty of all parents at all 
times to exercise a vigilant but kindly watchfulness over their 
children's movements, at home or out doors, by day and by 
night; and, now, more than ever since the settlement of this 
Territory, is this course necessary. 

The responsibilities of school teachers and managers, whether 
week day or Sunday, are now more onerous than ever, and no 
step, device or measure which they can adopt to influence chil- 
dren to do and cleave to that which is pure and true should be 
neglected by them. In one Ward in this city, and for aught 
we know to the contrary in more than one, an excellent move 
has just be:n made, having in view the special benefit of its 
younger members. An association or society has been formed 
under the direction of good experienced elders, its object being 
to furnish the members thereof with in.struction of various kinds, 
also with healthful recreation and amusement in the evenings, 
after working hours are over. The as.sociation already numbers 
nearly a hundred members. This is an example worthy of 
imitation, and wc hope to hear of other Wards in both city and 
country doing likewise, for such institutions, if judiciously con- 
ducted can not fail to be of very great service to their members. 
"Very few children are naturally wicked or delight in evil 
doing; but very many are thoughtless, and almost without an 
exception they are influenced by the good or bad examples of 
those older than themselves. 

The enemies of Zion boast that if they can gain sufficient in- 
fluence over the children of the Saints to lead them to apostasy, 
their efif(3rts to overthrow the work of God will be successful. 
They never will succeed in this, but unless great watchfulness is 
used, they may load some of our children astray. If the extra 
care necessary be exercised on their behalf and any then forsake 
the truth it will show that the love of it is not in them. All 
such will sooner or later bo sifted from the wheat, and, whether 
young or old, their loss will be a gain to the great cause whose 
progress and triumph are first in the heart and aflfections of every 
faithful Latter-day Saint. 





0" TJ "V E 3Sr I L El liTSTI^TJOTOK/. 



S9 




EJLST ItTDIj^nsr 7^C3-S.IOTJLTXJI?yB. 




WERE it not for the trees in the accompanyiug engraviug 
one might almost fancy that the artist who drew it meant 
to represent a settler's ranche, such as is met with sometimes 
on the plains, or the homestead of a fresh comer in some of the 
newly settled portions of the western States or Territories of 
America, for the sheds and buildings look as if, in making 
them, all that was cared for was a shelter of some kind, no 
matter how rough; and with new settlers in frontier life, this is 
the first and most important consideration. But the picture is 
not meant to represent anything in a new country in the far 
west, but just the contrary, for it is a scene from an old country 
in the far east — the East Indies, one of the most populous 
nations in the world, and one in which certain arts, sciences and 
manufactures had reached a high degree of perfection ages ago. 
Among the arts, however, in which the Hindoos excelled, agri- 
culture must not be counted. The buildings, if such they may 
be called, in the picture, are of the rudest character, and they 
may almost be taken as a type of the skill of the peoisle in 
agriculture. The 
soil of India is 
very productive 
and n quires but 
little labor to 
u,akc it yield a 
great variety of 
products, ai don 
this account the 
inventive yeiiius 
and skill of the 
inhabitants of 
Ilindostan— and 
they possess a 
good deal ot 
both— have nev 
cr been called 
into play much 
in this direc- 
tion; and to 
day the farming 
tools used by 
them arc about 
the same as they 
were centuries 
ago. 

The soil is so 
rich acd soft 
that it only 
needs a wooden 
piough to turn 

it up, and this is a rude sort of instrument; but it answers 
every purpose desired by those who use it. In front are two 
wooden pegs, to which the oxen are fastened; and behind an 
upright handle with which the ploughman, with one hand 
guides the plough, while with the other he pours the seed into 
a funnel set in a hole near the handle, and the seed falls through 
this into the furrow made by the ploughsliare. Th ir other 
firming implemen'.s are of an equally rude and simple kind, a 
fact which the nature of their soil accounts for. 

You have no doubt read that the climate in India is very hot, 
and that the rain only falls at a certain period of the yoar, 
called the rainy season. When it commences to rain it kcep» 
on for several weeks without stojjping, flooding everything out 
or nearly; but this does not answer all the needs of the growing 
crops, and the people there like the people here are forced to 
irrigate. They do not have mountain streams all over the 
country, however, as we have here, but they have to depend 
upon wells or reservoirs in which the water is coUecled and 




preserved during the wtt season. They obtain the water tio^ 
these wells in buckets raised by machinery, worked by oxen 
running round a circle, as you have seen horses in Utah working 
a cane mill, or other machinery of the kind. When the 
buckets reach the top of the well they tip their contents into 
troughs placed ready, and while they descend to be refilled the 
discharged water is conveyed to any distance required by the irri- 
gator. Two crops a year, are usually raised, one in the Spring — 
March and April; the other in the Fall — September and October. 
The Hindoos, as a nation, eat very little meat, their princi- 
pal food being rice and vegetablef;, of which, of course, large 
crops are grown. The potatoe is now also pretty general, hav- 
ing been introduced from Europe, and in some portions of the 
country fine wheat is raised. Besides rice, wheat and potatoes 
the Hindoos also cultivate and raise large crops of indigo, sugar, 
. coffee, every variety of cotton and some silk. 

Did you ever read of the caste or class disiinctions which 
exist among the natives of the East Indies? Some of you 

may have read 
of them in a 
former uumbtr 
of the IN:STRUC- 
TOR, and some 
of you . ay not; 
at any rate it 
will nut hurt 
you to t II aliout 
them here, fur 
having told yuu 
some 111 tie u- 
bout husbandry 
among tlie Hin- 
doos, we want 
to close by tell- 
ing you about 
the caste to 
which Hindoo 
husbai:duien be- 
long. 

Caste or class 
disti.iciiMOs are 
Very strong in 
Christi;in na- 
tions, although 
they are very 
little known or 
regarded among 
the early set- 
tlers of new 

countries. But as population increases, and some become 
richer than others, they soon begin to grow. We can see this 
even among the Latter-day Saints of Utah. Those who are 
wealthy and able to dress well, and to pay for good teachers of 
various kinds, and thus become well educated in mind and man- 
ners, do not care to associate with those who do not enjoy these 
advantages, and thus caste or class distinctions arise. However, 
this is the result of tradition, the gospel will, in time, do away 
with such things, and will elevate, refine and educate all wLo 
are faithful to it. 

But among the nations of Ilindostan these class distinctions 
have existed for ages, and seem to be about as strong _ as cast 
iron, for they still flourish. The constant efforts of missionaries 
and the influence of Europeans and of the British government 
have put a stop to the murder of female infants, and to the 
burning of widcws with the bodies of their dead husbands, 
both of which were formerly customary among the people of 
Ilindostan; but these influences combined have had little or no 







30 



J"TJ^E3^II_iS IltTSTI^TJOTOI^. 




effect in breaking down and abolishing caste. It is to be lioped, 
however, that this in time wUI be done away with, as it would 
be a blessing to the people; for now, uo matter how much 
talent a person may possess, if he be the son of a sweep, far- 
mer, shoemaker, weaver, or of a person following any other 
humble calling he must be the same; while if one born in the 
higher castes be a fool, knave or naturally bad, ho is the 
possessor of advantages of which he is not worthy. 

From the earliest ages the Hindoos have been and still are 
separated into four great classes or castes. The first and high- 
est is that of the Brahmins or priesthood, who have always 
been treated with the highest cousideratiou and respect, more 
even than their kings. Kulers, magistrates and all soldiers 
belong to the second caste. The great masses of the people, 
those who follow trades, also farmers and merchants belong to 
the third class; while the fourth and lowest is made up of those 
who follow what are considered the meanest trades, and of 
servants and laborers. From the above you learn that ■ 
the farmers belong to the third class or caste, and they 
can never belong to any other, at least not to any of the higher 
castes. 

Formerly those who tilled the soil dwelt in villages by them- 
selves, the land being parcelled out equally both as to quantity 
and quality to each person. Over the whole of them there was 
one chosen who was called the head man of the village. He 
acted as a kind of patriarch, or select man, and settled any 
di.-^putes that might arise among the people. The practice of 
parcelling out of the land is not observed now as formerly, but 
in the agricultural villages or settlements the headman is still 
retained. In other respects the agricultural system of the 
natives is much the same as anciently. Some improvements 
have no doubt been introduced by the Europeans, and more 
will be, as the indolence and iirejudices of the natives are 
overcome. But in all old nations changes in the habits and 
customs of the people make headway very slowly, llindostan 
is one of the richest and most fertile countries in the world, but 
its people are indulent, and they do not care for foreign changes, 
and the energy of tiie white, or western nations is needed to 
develop the country. Before the groat war between the 
Northern and Southern States the manufacturing countries of 
Euroi)e, and especially England, used to obtain immense sup- 
plies of raw cotton from the South, but the war stojiped the 
supply, and since then large quantities have been raised in India 
and shipped to Europe. Under the stimulus of the gain to the 
people arising from this trade, and the encouragement given to 
and the improvements in agriculture introduced by the govern- 
ment, as Well as by jirivate enterprise, it is likely that a largo 
and constantly increasing supply of raw eottorj will be |)roduc- 
cd, and that in a few years tlic old and slutliful mmlc of hus- 
bandry will be supplanted, and that in an agricultural jioiut 
of view India, whieli has so many natural advantages, will be 
placed more on an equality with the leading agricultural nations 
of the West. 



[For the Juvenile InsbwXw . 

GOITFESSIOJ<r. 




1]>(J not know who were uiy parents, or where I was born, 
for my earliest recollection goes not so far back. The first 
remembrance I have of any thing is that T found myself, one 
C'ljd, frosty morning in early Spring, waiidi'riiig in the fields, 
cold and hungry, no house was in .sight, and how long J had 
been there, or how T came there, is past my feeble comprehen- 
sion, but I do remenib(;r that I cried till I was nearly exhausted, 
and I thought sure I should die of ojld and Imnger. Oh 1 the 
bitter agony of that hour, I do not wish to live it over again. 
I do not, to the present moment, believe that I was deserted 



by my parents, but that I was stolen from my home by some 
wicked person, and then left, to live or die, as the case might 
be, and I did indeed think that I should die of hunger and cold. 
But after wandering some time I heard some one coming down 
the road, and I got frightened and ran away to hide myself in 
the bushes, but a cheerful voice called me in a kind tone, and I 
took courage and went a step forward. It proved to be a young 
farmer who had been to look for his horses. He lifted me in 
his arms, and began to speak kindly and caress me, and carried 
me home in his bosom. I had found a friend at last. By the 
time he reached his home I was quite warm and contented, but 
when he set me down in the midst of a family of rosy, romping 
children, I was in doubt whether to be glad or sorry, but I had 
no time for doubt respecting my future, for one and all crowded 
around me, petting me and asking where I came from, and 
when they learned that I had been left in the field, they all 
declared that I should stay there, and from that day I was the 
pet of the whole house. 

What happy days we had ? As soon as it was light in the 
morning, out we wore, running races, playing hide and seek, 
and every other game that could be thought of to pass away the 
time. I was well fed and well cared for, and ought to 
have been happy, and I was hapjiy for a long time; but in 
the summer the kind-hearted farmer brought Jiume another 
little foundling, for though he was not rich, he had a large, 
kind heart, and could not bear to see anyone, or anything 
unhappy. 

Now began my fancied troubles. I say fancied trouliles 
because I have now learned that I had uo trouble, only what" 1 
made U)yself. A spirit of jealousy took possession of me, and 
I began to think that I was slighted, and that niy master and 
mistress, and the children too, took more notice of the little 
stranger than they did of uie. But they made no difference 
between us. We were treated exactly alike, yet I nursed my 
discontent till I became ill natured and snap]nsh, and when 
anyone came near me to speak to me 1 would turn aw:iy in 
anger. 

Often in my moments of ill-temper, Lilly, the little stranger, 
would come to me and try to coax me to piay, but I would not 
be agreeable, and would often scold and fight her, till my kind 
benefactor declared he would have to send me away if I contin- 
ued to be so mean. 

Jly eyes began to be openod, and I thought of the lime when 
1 was left alone, when if it had not been for the kindness of 
that family 1 should have had no home, and now I was repay- 
ing all the goodness they had lavished upon me with the basest 
ingratitude, and I determined to do better. I had uo sooner 
made the determination than F felt much happiiM', and I'an to 
find Lilly to ask her to forgive my rudeness and be friends; but 
she was be3'oud the reach of my ill-nature, for death had 
claimed her for his own. Then 1 grieved that I had been so 
unkind. 

I was once more the jict of the children, but 1 did not think 
that the farmer or his wife ever thought as njuch of me after 
as before, although they treated mo kindly; but it made me feel 
very unhappy, as I had brought it u|)on myself, and though 1 
strove to overcome my ill-nature. I found it was easiw' to admit 
an enemy than to ex))ol him afterwards. It taught me, also, a 
lesson which I hope I sl;all never forget, that is, to be thankful 
for the blessings J have, and never again to give way to so foul 
a fiend as jealousy. 

Many little buys and girls, and even men and women t(jo, 
often, like Kitty, give; way to a spirit of jealousy, wliieh not 
only makes them unhappy, but causes them to entirely overlook 
the i)lessings whicli they possess. Ft is very wrong to give way 
to jealousy, and if not rejiented of, it ma.y be the means of 
ciusing tlujse who do so, not only to lose the blessings and 
favor of God but the society of all who love and fear Him. 

A.]; 





J"TJ'V"EIIsriIL>E] IlsrSTIE^TJOTOI^,. 




[For the Juvenile Instructor. 






THIS ^A^Tiycos:PH:ER.E.--3sro. i. 



rilllK earth is entirely surrounded by a mass of gaseous fluid 
X ill whieh all things are eompletely enveloped and by which 
most things, wUether fluid or solid, are more or less permeated. 
When we look at the fishes, dwelling as they do in the water, 
we see beings that are as dependant upon this fluid for esist- 
ence as we are, for they breathe oxygen, one of the constituents 
of the atvuosphere we dwell in, and would die just as we should 
do if long deprived of it. The word "atmosphere" is used to 
designate this fluid mass which is a mixture of various gases the 
bulk of which are nitrogen and oxygen, carbonic acid being one 
of the important gases, the vapor of water another. 

Nitrogen is a gas. As a constituent of air it appears to act the 
part of a friend to living beings without actually sustaining life. 
In this respect it difl'ers from oxygen, the other chief constitu- 
ent of air, without which we should almost instantly die. 
About four-fifths, that is 4 parts out of 5, of the atmosphere 
consist of nitrogen, with which is mixed one fifth of oxygen; 
it is found that "air from which water and carbonic acid have 
been taken, contains, by weight, 77 parts nitrogen to 23 parts 
of ox3'gen in 100 parts of air." As to the quantity of water 
contained in the air, that varies at difl^erent times and places; 
no doubt it may have been noticed by even the young reader 
that on bringing a jug of ice water into a warm room after a 
time water condenses upon the surface like dew drops, this is 
derived from the watery vapor that exists in the air. 

The atmosphere supports the life of animals by supplying 
oxygen to them, and of vegetables by supplying them with car- 
bonic acid; animals breathe in a variety of ways, chiefly by the 
lungs; fishes breathe through the gills, some simple forms of 
life are sustained by an absorption of oxygen; vegetables take 
in carbonic acid by the pores of the roots, chiefly, although 
there are many curious contrivances for supplying the lower 
typ3s of vegetable life with this gas. Every time we breathe 
into the lungs (inspiration) a quantity of oxygen is separated 
from the air and retained in the body for a time to vitalize the 
blood, this is done by chemical means, it burns (oxydizes) the 
carbon and hydrogen, thus generating heat. When we breathe 
from the lungs (expiration) the air expelled is found to be 
deprived of oxygen and in its place carbonic acid is found and 
water, in the state of vapor. These are the products of the oxy- 
gen and parts of our bodies that have chemically combined. 
The oxygen is not burned in the lungs, or the lungs would alone 
be heated, neither is the burning of that fierce character that 
distinguishes fire as we see it in the stove, but its effects are the 
same as burning any other kind of fuel — heat is evolved. 
Wherever an atom of combustible matter exists in the animal, 
it sooner or later becomes the prey of oxygen, the food of the 
animal su])plying carbon and hydrogen for combustion. 

In this way the atmosphere is the great supporter of life to 
animals by supplying them with oxygen in a diluted state. 
Were we to breathe pure oxygen we should soon die by reason 
of living too fast; we should burn out too rapidly. We miy by 
reflection perceive what the eflfects would be were we living in 
an atmosphere of oxygen, by observing the combustion of iron 
wire and other bodies in that gas. The atmosphere is one fifth 
oxygen (N N N N 0), "laughing gas" (nitrous oxide) is one 
third oxygen (N N 0). Even in this gas we could not long 
exist by reason of the large proportion of oxygen, and yet it is 
held together by a slight degree of chemical alfiuity, which the 
atmosphere is not. As some of our young readers may not know 
the nature of nitrous oxide, or, as it is often called, "laughing 



gas," the reason it is so called will explain some of its properties. 
By decomposing ammoniac nitrate by heat this gas may be pro- 
cured; it is heavier than common air, and on breathing it effects 
are produced that are frequently very laughable, some persons 
will dance about as if they wore intoxicated, which they are, in 
part, for intoxication means poisoned. Some persons will 
laugh very heartily without any apparent cause, some will mani- 
fest other peculiarities, but nearly all persons become insensible 
to pain during the paroxysm. For this reason surgeons use it 
during operations, dentists administer it to patients before they 
extract teeth— an operation that is certainly not a laughing 
matter even if it is performed under the influence of "laughing 
gas." Beth. 



STEJLILiTlSrG- 



[For the Javt'uUe Instructor, 



A LITTLE rowdy, on a quiet Sabbath afternoon, thought he 
would have some apples at the very great expense of tak- 
ing them without leave from a gentleman's orchard. He had 
pulled down the limb of a tree and was trying to reach the 
apples when some one vei-y close to him spoke out pleasantly, 
"Wait a minute, I'll hold it for you." The young scamp turned 
his head, saw the lady of the house at his side, and it was his 
peculiar method of getting over the fence, which cannot be 
represented here, that brought the laugh in. 

Had he gone to the house and asked for an apple, most likely 
he would have received it, but lie did not as it was. He cer- 
tainly might thus have preserved a clear conscience, and doubt- 
less escaped the penalty of a lame back and sore head, and been 
looked upon with respect by persons who must now regard hiiu 
as a would-he thief at least. 

Think of it boys, and do not invest so heavily in articles that 
you are not sure of obtaining, Lula. 



CuctJ$5jpati&0ttC0» 



Kanosh, December 28tlt, 1873. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor : 

In my li-avcls through the scltlcnicuts it afforas me much pleaeiiro 
to visit the (lificrciit Sabbiith s-chools, and note the progress being 
made in tcaehiiii; tlie risinu; generation. 

At Moroni, .Sanpete Co , 1 found ii well attended school, superin- 
tended liy Aaron Hardy, who li.is a faculty of conducting the exer- 
cises in a very orderly manner. 

I next visited the school of Ncphi, Juab Co., under Superintendent 
W. H. SA'arner, which I found to be very lariic and flourishing, and 
well supplied with Teachers who take gicat interest in their pupils. 
Bishop Grover, of this place, is alive to the welfare of this iustitntion, 
as he is to everything else under his jurisdiction which tends to the 
advancement and building up of the kingdom. I find it acts as a 
stimulus to children, as well as thofo required to teach, to have tlie 
Bishop attend the school personally, and take an interest in the 
exercises. 

Sister Amelia Goldsbrough, who has for a long lime been a Te-achcr 
in this school, and by her kind manner won the iiU'ections of her 
scholars, was wailed upon a few days since and presented with a 
handsome piece of crochet work from each of seven of her scholars, 
with a note, asking her to accept the same as a token of their love and 
friendship for her. The names of the donors were Matilda I'icton, 
Ann S. Goldsbrough, Emily Jones, Cordelia Webb, Sarah Knowles, 
Martha Kendall and Elizalietli Tranter. 

The Sunday schools of Ilolden, Fillmore, and Kanosh, Millard Co., 
have also received my attention. Tliey are in a n;ost satisfactory 
condilion. In the latter school 1 found the Bishop employed and as 
much mterested in teaching the cliildren as any persmi present. 

From my observation I am satislled that a threat and good work is 
being done throughout the Territory by the Sunday schools. 

Kcspcctfully Gi;oRGi: FAUNwouTn, 



IrP. 





3S 



jtj^:ei<txx^:h2 ii^tsti^tjotoi?/. 







C A T E C II I S M 



FOR S U N D A V 
[Continued.) 



SCHOOLS. 




LBSSOM XIII. 

Subject— lUF. Maiiriaoi: of Isaac and ItuBFKAn. 
Q. — What (lid Aliraliftm when he was old ? 

A. — He called his eldest servant tlmt ruled over all that he had, (o 
put his hand under his thii;h. 
(J. — What was the eldest servant to swear ? 

A.— That he should not take a wife unto his son of the C'anaanites, 
who were unlxlievers in the God of Israel. 
Q.— What was he to do? 

A. — To go unto the land of Abraham's kindred, to oMaln a wife 
for his son Isaac. 

Q. — What ohjcetion did the scnant make? 

A. — lie was afraid that the woman might not he wlllin;; 

(i. — What did Abraham ri ply 1 

A. — That then he should lie released from his oath. 

Q. — What else did Abraham say? 

A. — That the Lord God of heaven, who had promised to give that 
land to his seed for an inheritance, would send an anirel before hlin lo 
prepare the way. 

Q. — What did tic servant do after this. 

A. — He put his hand nnder the thli;h of Abraham his master and 
swore to him as he desired. 

(i. — How many camels did he take ? 

A. — Ten. 

IJ- — Whom did they helong to? 

A. — His master Abraham. 

(l- — Where did he go to 'I 

A — .Mesopotamia, unto the city of Nahor. 

y. — What did he do as he came towards the city ? 

A. — lie made his camels kneel down by a well of water and he 
prayed. 

ti.— What did he pray ? 

A. — lie prayed unto the God of his mas'cr .\brahani that he would 
show kindness unto him, that he miijht accomplish suceessfully the 
mission he was upon. 

LKSSOS \ir. 

tj. — What did he aeU the Lord to let come to pass ? 

A.— That the donisel who should come out, and say "brink and I 
will give thy camels drink also," should lie slie whom the Lord had 
appointed for Isaac. 

tj. — What happened after he made this prayer? 

A.— Ilcfore he had done spcakini;, Hjlickah went down i > the well 
and filled her pitcher. 

(i.— Who was IJelwkah ? 

A.— Thsdanehterof Hethuel, whow.isthc son of MUoali, Ihe nUr 
of Nahor, Abraham's br.^ther. 

Ci. — What did the servant do when he saw Hobekah ? 

A. — lie ran lo meet her and asked lo drink a little water out of her 
pitcher. 

Q.— What did Rc))Ckah gay ? 

A. — "Drink my lord," and hasted towalt upon him. 

g.— What else did she do ? 

A. — Stc drew water also for all his camels unlil they had done 
drinklni;. 

ti. — What old the servant do, diirini; this time? 

A.— He held his peace, wondering whether the Lord had made his 
jonmcy prosperom or not. 

Q. — What did he do after the camels had done drinking? 

A. — He look a golden earring of half a shekel wei'.,'hl, and two 
liracclcts for her hands of ten shekels weight of irold. 

Q. — What question dlil he ask her! 

A. — " Whose dauchlcr art thou," and whether he and his company 
cuold It lodu'cd In her father's house. 

H. — What answer did she make? 

A. — That she was the dauiihlcr of Ucthucl, and there was euonuh 
straw and provender, and room to lodirc In. 

ti. — What did the servant do after hearing this ? 

A.— He l>owed down his head, and worshiped the Lord for Irin-.'- 
\n<S him to the horse of his master's lirelhrcn. 
{To be con'.inucd ) 



^ 



irijiittnl §udtJy« 



[P'or the .7(U'ent/e InsVuct r. 






\V U I T T E N F O U n A R I! T . 



S, L. ( itv 



I know it is not always those 
Whose minds can understand the most, 
Who're first their knowledge to disclose, 
Or loudest of their wit to boast. 
Yet when our tcaelicrs say 'tis right 
For every willing child to speak, 
I would "cast in my little mite" 
Although ray words arc email and weak- 

And as our speeches mnst 1 e brief, 
That all who will may something say, 
I will at once state my belief 
And then for others will give way. 
I do believe that when I pray. 
The Lord will hear and answer nic; 
I therefore ask that day bj' day, 
The light of Truth wc all may see. 

And I believe that if we live 
According to the light that's given, 
The dear good Lord will surely give 
That light which leads to life and heaven. 
That if we trust Him lie will guide. 
Through all our wanderings smooth or rough. 
Defend and aid, exiiort or chide — 
Now I believe I've said enough. 
Dec. r.lh, \-A-i. 



I.ni.A. 



C3-0 SODV CE BII^IDIE. 

Go home, little birdie, 

The bright sun has sel; 
And why do you linger 

So wantonly 3'ct ? 
You'll soon be afraid 

If longer you stay; 
You'll be lost in the nii^lit 

So you can't lind your way. 

Your mamma will wonder 

Wherever you are — 
Is the nest where she watches 

Away very far? 
Don't you think it Is time 

You were saying your prayer. 
To be carried above 

On the sweet evening air ? 

I am sorry for being 

At all impolite. 
Hut if you still linircr 

I m».v/ say good night; 
And leave you alone 

'Neath the apple tree there 
For my nni will be waiting 

To list to my prayer. 
In the morning acrain, 

Y'ou'Jl be welcome to come, 
But, now, don't j'ou think 

You had better go home V Lui.*. 



Is puh'iHlied in Salt Luke City, Utah Territory, 
KVKHV OTHEK SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN A D V A N C r; 

fUni/le Oop!/, per Annum $2 00. 

*#- Grain brought to this City for the JuvENiLK Instbuctoe will be 
Tecelved at the oincc of our paper— Desukkt Nrws Buildings. 




