6^ 







VOL. 6 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, NOVEJIBER 25, 1871. 



NO. 24. 



l^EETI2SrC3- I=IjA.OE OF JLHSTDE^E J^ISTID J^I^^HSTOLID. 



IN our last number wc had an engraving of the Palisades on 
the Hudson Eiver ; in this wo give another scene from the 
Hudson. It is the place ■where Jlajor John Andre, of the 
British army, and Benedict Arnold, Major General of the 
American army, met to arrange their plan of treason, by which 
West I'oint was to be betrayed to the British, and "the 
Gibraltar of America," the key of communication between the 
Eastern and Western States, was to be transferred to the power 
which was warring against American Independence. The scene 
in the engraving is a beautiful one— too beautiful for such a 
meeting ; yet it is so retired 
from observation that the 
conspirators could hold their 
' conference without fear of 
disturbance. The mountain 
in the picture is called Long 
Clove ^Mountain ; it is six 
miles below fitony I'oint, the 
fort in capturing whlcli from 

the British, Anthony Wayne, 

ofU:n called " 3Iud Anthony," 

gained so much fame. 

Benedict Arnold, who is 

known in histrjry as a traitor 

to his country, entered the 

war of the revolution at an 

early date. After the battle 

of Lexington he marched 

with a militia aimpany, of 

which he was commander, 

for Cambridge in iAfass.achu- 

s<;tts, and offered his servicos, 

which were ac<cpt<d, and he 

was made a colonel. This 

was the begimiing of h i s 

brilliant career on land and 

sea, for he opc-rated with the - - -»" 

army and tlie navy. Ho '-''- 

commanded a snjali fleet on 

Lak.: Champlain and fought a desperal.' battle with a very 

HUjierior force of the cmimy. Probably in nnlit.iry genius he 

wa.s wiual, if not superior, to any otiier revolutionary nfhccr. 

lb; was a man t)f unflinching courig*^ an^l brilliant t;ilentji, an 

energetic, untiring man, who seemed to delight in danger for its 

own sake; but hi^ was a man d.;.stitul<' of principle, and was 

really rli.shoncst. His moral diaracter was bail, and he was 

continually getting into Imuble on this account, with public men 



where he was stationed. While at I'hiladelphia, where he was 
placed in command of the city, he governed it with a high hand 
and took advantage of his position. He became thoroughly 
disliked, and charges were preferred against him by the Council 
of Pennsylvania. As he was an officer, it was determined that 
he should be tried by a court-martial. He was sentenced to be 
reprimanded by the commander-in-chief, George Washington, 
who administered the rebuke in a mild spirit. I'robably the 
result of this court-martial, added to previous injuries which he 
imagined he had received, prompted him to take the step which 
^^^ he did. Congress had oflend- 

s*^ ■* ed him some time before by 

neglectuig him and creating 
five other otTicers major gen- 
erals who were his juniors in 
rank. Washington, himself, 
was not s itisfied with the 
action of Congress in this 
matter, and wrote ,\rnold a 
soothing letter. He was 
afterwards created a major 
general; but was still h'ft 
below the five others who 
had been |)ronioted aliovo 
him. After greatly dis- 
tinguishing himself at the 
battle of Saratoga, Congress, 
however, did him justice and 
allowed hini full rank. By 
lliis time he had got into the 
lialiit of murmuring against 
Congress and complaining of 
the iiigratiind"' of his connli-y. 
While at I'hiladelphia, and 
pn^vious to going there, hi' 
liad lived very extravagantly 
-hiscxpenses largely exceed- 
ing Jiis iiuvime. Tiiis drove 
him to do dishonest act.s, and 
■.■111S.S of his ilillleullies. lie tried to boi- 
Kreneh Mini-^lir, but was refusi-d. This 
despenite. It is snpiMised that \w was 
by his necessities to betray his country in 
the ho|ie that he would obtain the means wliieh he need.d. II" 
.ntered into correspond^nc with Sir Ibtiiy Clinton, the liiiliMi 
commander, wn>l<' his letters hi a disgiiis.-d hand and signiMl 
hiinself '-GuslaVUS." Clinton was not aware lor a long time 




was oni' 111 tlie 'lii'l 
row money from the 
niadi^ him still mon 
tempted at this linn 



S^3?^- 



v^t 





J TJ ^ E IsT I L E IISrSTI^TJOa?Oie;, 



^. 



who his correspondent was ; but he was confident that it was an 
ofiicer of high rank in the American army. The correspondence 
with Clinton was conducted through Major Andre, aide-de-camp 
to the British commander. Andre signed himself "John 
Anderson." As West Point was an object greatly desired by 
Sir Henry Clinton, Arnold arranged his plans to obtain the 
appointment to the command of that important post. He knew 
that almost any amount of money and honors would be given by 
the British to the man who should place that post in their hands. 
As he had concluded to become a traitor he wanted to make as 
much by his treason as possible. Washington was a little sur- 
■prised that the impetuous Arnold, who had always desired 
active service in the field, should be willing to take command 
where there was no prospect of stirring service; still, he did 
not suspect him and the command was given to him. Matters 
had now proceeded so far that Clinton felt that it was necessary 
that he should know whether General Arnold was his hidden 
correspondent, and also that some steps should be taken to 
gather the fruits of treason before it would be too late. A per- 
sonal conference was proposed and Arnold insisted that 3Iajor 
Andre shonj^ be the officer sent to confer with him. This 
proposition suited Clinton, but Andre himself was rather averse 
to the service. When requested, however, he entered upon the 
duty with zeal, resolved to carrj' out its objects. 

Arnold wished Andre to como within the American lines and 
hare an interview with him. This did not suit Andre; he was 
afraid that he might be caught, and if caught, he knew that he 
would be treated as a spy, therefore he proposed a meeting on 
what was known as "the neutral ground," which was outside 
the lines of both armies. It was finally arranged that Andre 
.should ascend the Hudson in a British vessel of war called the 
Vulhtre^ and that Arnold should have a boat sent to the vessel 
for him and bring him ashore at a point outside the American 
lines. He did so, and Andre landed at the place wliich is seen 
in the engraving. Arnold was concealed in the bushes awaiting 
his arrival, and Andre and he met for the first time. For the 
first time Arnold's lips uttered aloud the words of treason. 
There in the gloom of night, hidden friim mortal eyes, they 
talked over their dark plans to complete tlie niin of the cause of 
the colonies. Payliglit approached, and they had not finished 
(heir conversation. AmoM suggested that Andre slwuld mount 
liis .sen'ant's horse and go witli him U-t a house aliout fiiur niilos 
distant. To this Andre reluctantly consented. It was 3'et dark, 
but tlie voice of a sentinel, as thi'y pa.ssed the American lines, 
revealed to .\ndre tli.it he was now in a positinn where, if 
captured, his life would be forfeited, as ho had cninc without flag 
or pass. He felt his danger, but it was too late to withdraw. 

At dawn the Viil/ui-c was fired upon b.v a parly of Americans, 
and she dropi)ed further down the stream out of the rcacli of 
ihoir cannon. This increased Andre's anxiety. Hi- and Arnold 
concluded thiir conference; the latt"r furnishing him witli 
pnp-rs containing fidl descriptions of West l^iint and the differ- 
ent points occupied by troops. Arnold I'I't Andre at the house 
and returned to his ([Uarters. The Englishman passed tlie 
reiiiainiler of tlie dny alone, and a.-; soon as night came he 
app!i<>d to the iiiau of the house to take him b.uk to the 
Viilhiri'. This th(- man positively refused to do, and iileaded 
.siekness as an excuse, but he offered to riile half of tlic niglit 
with Andre on horseback if he would take a laml route. To 
this .\iidre was obliged to .\iclil. He had been persuaded by 
Arnold in tlio event of his taking a land route to exchange his 
military coat for a citizen's ilrcss. This, as well as the receiving 
of the papers from Arnold, was contrary to the orders of Sir 
Henry Clinton. This man accompanied Amlrc a part of the 
way towirds New York. After ho left him Andre fell in with 
a party of Ainerieans who arrested him, strippi'd him and foinid 
the p«pers in his stockings. He was delivered over to iIk; 
military, and intelligence was sent to Arnold of his arrest. As 
soon as the traitor found that his plans were likely to be discov- 



ered, he took his barge, told the men a false story, and, by 
promising them a reward, got them to use their utmost diligence 
in taking him to the Vnlfure^ on which vessel he took refuge. 

Washington came to West Point to breakfast. As soon as 
the treason was discovered and Andre was brought up, a court- 
martial was held, which tried and condemned Andre to be hung 
as a spy. Everything was done that could be by Sir Henry 
Clinton to save his life ; but Washington was inflexible. Andre 
himself entreated that he might be shot ; but the punishment 
for spies was hanging, and Washington thought that, if the 
punishment were changed, it would be an admission that Andre 
was not a spy. Washington himself would not see Andre, but 
upon all with whom he met he made an exceedingly favorable 
impression, and had their feelings and not their judgments 
governed the ofiicers of the court martial, he would have escajjed 
death. He met his death bravely, and was apparently the 
most cheerful man present on the occasion, for the scene to the 
spectators was very affecting. 

For his treason Arnold received the commission of Brigadier 
General and six thousand three hundred pounds. He after- 
wards entered on an expedition against Virginia and also New 
London, Connecticut, near which place he was born. In Eng- 
land his position was very humiliating, for nearly every one 
avoided him with disgust and horror, and he was repeatedly 
insulted. He died hi London at the age of sixty-one. It is 
remarkable that Colonel Brown, who served with Arnold in the 
early part of the latter's career, retired from the service on 
account of his dislike of Arnold; and three years before Aniold 
became a traitor, he published a handbill in which he denounced 
Arnold as a bad man, charging him with "selling many a life 
for gain," and predicting that he would prove a traitor in the 
following language: "Money is the man's god, and to get 
enough of it he would sacrifice his country." 



13L 



TSTOI?.Y OIF 

O XI TJ I?y O H. 
(Continued.) 



THE 



THE energy which was disjjla.ved in building the Temple 
exasperated the adversary and those under his influence, 
and they were determined to stop its progress. Satan hates a 
people who have the Holy Priesthood and who build Temples 
to the Most High, and he marshals all his forces against them. 
Ho knows that every such building is a fortress erected in the 
heart of what has been his dominion, and if finished and 
allowed to stand, it will prove the moans of overthrowing his 
power. Hence, rather than have Tenijiles built, he would 
drench the earth with the blood of the Saints. This is the 
secret of the opposition which, as we write, is brought to bear 
against the servants and Saints of God in these mountains. 
The servants of God have been inspired to urge the Saints ta 
build the Temple in this city, and also to erect another at 
St. George. This makes Satan and his followers angry, and to 
prevent these labors being accomplished they would not hesitate 
to imprison and even kill, if they had the power, I'residcnt 
Young, his (!ouuscllors, the Apostles and other faithful Elders. 
But the Ijord c<mimands Temples to be built, and though the 
devil rages and tries to i>revent, thoy will .vet be erected in 
great numbers, and in them the Saints will attend to ordinances 
for themselves and their ancestors and friends. There will be 
a contest for the supremacy; but the Lord and His peojilo will 
gain the victory and Satan will bo stripjied of his usurped 
jiower. 

I'Vom their retreats, where they had secreted themselves to 
avoid being arrested, I'rcsident Young and his fellow Apostles 
came firtli on the morning of Saturday, the 2ltli of May, 184r), 
to lay the cap-stone on the south-cast comer of the Temple. 



1^ 



1^:^^' 



^^^\ 



J"TJ"VE25riLEI IISrSTIS/TJOTOI^. 



S' 



187 



w 



This was a joyous occasion, and the number assembled to wit- 
ness the ceremony was very large. Enemies and apostates had 
freely predicted that the work on the Temple would be stopped, 
and the building never be finished. But the Saints had not 
been discouraged, in the midst of poverty, sickness, attacks 
from mobs, suffering from the murder of their Prophet and 
Patriarch and the desertion of false brethren, they had persevered, 
ptitting their trust in God who had called them to perform this 
labor, and now they were gladdened by witnessing the interest- 
ing spectacle of the laying of the last stone necessary to complete 
the walls. It was truly a day of thanksgiving and praise, and 
the Saints felt in the spirit which they enjoyed that they had 
been abundantly rewarded for all their zeal and perseverance. 
The singers sung their sweetest notes, their voices thrilled the 
hearts of the assemblage, and the music of the band, which 
played on the occasion, never sounded more musical and charm- 
ing than on that occasion ; and when President Young placed 
the stone in its position, and said : "The last stone is now laid 
upon the Temple, and I pray the Almighty, in the name of 
Jesus to defend us in this place and sustain us until the Temple 
is finished and we have all got our endowments;" and the 
whole congregation shouted "Hosanna, Hosanna, Hosanna, to 
God and the Lamb, Amen, Amen and Amen," and repeated 
these words the second and third time, the Spirit of God 
descended upon the people, gladness filled every heart and tears 
of joy coursed down many cheeks. The cries of praise were 
uttered with earnestness and fervor ; it was a relief to many to 
be thus able to give expression to the feelings with which their 
hearts were overcharged. Altogether the scene was a very 
impressive one, and we doubt not that angels looked upon it and 
rejoiced. 

President Young concluded the ceremonies by saying : "So 
let it be the Lord Almighty. This is the seventh day of the 
week or the Jewish Sabbath. It is the day on which the 
Almighty finished His work and rested from His labors. We 
have finished the walls of the Temple and may rest to-day from 
our labors." He then dismissed the workmen for the day and 
requested them to spend the time in giving thanks to God. 
The congregation then dispersed, and he and his brethren of 
(he Twelve Apostles retired to their places of retreat. 

In a letter written by Governor Ford to President Young, 
under date of April 8th, 1845, he stated that the impression on 
the public mind every where was that the leaders of the Latter- 
day Saints were impostors and rogues and that the others were 
dupes and fools. This was the reason he assigned for their 
considering and treating the Saints as enemies and outcasts, as 
men to be cherished and trusted in nothing, because, in their 
estimation, some of them were deluded and others designing in 
matters of rehgion. "If," said ho, " you can get off by your- 
selves, you may enjoy peace ; but surrounded by such neighbors 
I confess that I do not foresee the time when you will be per- 
mitted to enjoy quiet. I was informed by General Joscjjh 
Smith last Summer that he contemplated a removal west ; and 
from what I learned from him and others at that time, I think 
if he had lived, he would have begun to move in the matter 
before this time. I would be willing to exert all my feeble 
abilities and influence to further your views in this respect if it 
was the wish of your people. 

"I would suggest a matter in confidence. California now 
offers a field for the prettiest enterprise that has been undertaken 
in modern times. It is but sparsely inhabited and by none but 
the Indian or imbecile Mexican Spaniards. I have not inquired 
enough to know how strong it is in men and means. ]5ut this 
we know that if conquered from Me.Kico, that country is so 
physically weak and morally distracted that she cduld lu^ver 
send a force there to recf^inqucr it. Why would it not be a 
pretty operation for your jioople to go out there, take possi'ssion 
of and wjnquer a portion of the vacant country and estiiblish an 
independent government of your own, subject only to the laws 



of nations? You would remain there a long time before you 
would be disturbed by the proximity of other settlements. If 
you conclude to do this, your design ought not to be known, or 
otherwise it would become the duty of the United States to 
prevent your emigration. But if you once cross the line of 
the United States' territories, you would be in no danger of 
being interfered with." 

This course was suggested by others as well as ho, and lead- 
ing men in the nation thought it the only possible solution of 
what they called the " Mormon question." They were willing to 
promise us any amount of land belonging to Mexico, and some 
were even in favor of letting us have a portion of Oregon to 
settle upon, the possession of which they were willing that we 
should have for all time, if we would only move there. We did 
come to California, for when the pioneers reached this valley of 
Salt Lake it was a part of Upper California and belonged to 
Mexico ; but we came peaceably, and occupied the country 
without violence. A battalion of five hundred of our brethren 
helped to bring all this Territory, all Nevada and California into 
the possession of the United States. They volunteered as 
soldiers, were marched afoot from Council Bluffs across the 
continent to the Pacific Ocean and acquired all this region by 
right of conquest. But the Saints did not accept Governor 
Ford's suggestion and establish an independent government 
of their own. They loved their country, its institutions, its 
constitution and laws ; and though thoy had suffered persecu- 
tion and violence, their leaders had been killed, and they had 
been driven from their homes by mobs, they were still willing 
to contend for their rights in the government and not outside of 
it ; and, therefore, made no attempts to set up an independent 
government. 

( To he continued. ) 



TiiE Key to 
table of letters, the 
be found out. Tho 
below: — 

A 



E 

G 

I 

K 

M 

O 

Q 

S 

u 
w 

Y 



A Person's Nasie. — By the accompanying 

name of any person or any word can 

manner of doing so is described in full 



B 

C 
F 

J 
K 
N 
O 
R 
S 
V 

w 
z 



D 

E 
F 
G 
L 
M 
N 
O 
T 
U 
V 
W 



H 
I 
J 
K 
L 
K 
N 
O 
X 
Y 
Z 



P 

Q 
R 

S 
T 
U 
V 
W 
X 
Y 
Z 



Lot the person whose name you wish to know Inform you in 
which of the upright columns the first lett<,!r of his name is 
contained. If it is found in but one column, it is tho top letter; 
if it occurs in more than one column, it is foi^nd by adding the 
alphabetical numbers of the top letters of these columns, and 
the sum will be the number of the letter sought. By talking 
one letter at a time in this way the whole can be ascertained. 
For example, take the word Jane. J is found in two cmIuimiis 
commencing with 15 and II, which are tho second and eighth 
letters down the alphabet, their sum is ton, and the tenth letter 
down the alphabet i.s J, the letter sought. The next letter A 
api)oars in but one colunni, where it stands at the top. N is 
seen in the colunuis headed ]5, D, and II; these are the sci'ond, 
fourth and eighth lett^TS of thr alphabet, wliich added gives the 
fourteen or N, and so on. Tiie use of this table will excite no 
little curiosity among those unacquainted with the foregoing 
explanation. Hekc/ai. 



Ik 



i^ia^' 



-t^^l 



'O)'^ 18S 



J'TJ'V'En^ILE XIST ^TTtUaTOTt. 



-^^^t 






CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 25, 1871. 




iT is surprising how many superstitions 
tliere are in the world. Some persons 
think it very unlucljy to see tlie new 
moon over their left shoulders, and 
they would not l^nowingly loolc at it in 
that direction on any account. Should 
they happen to see it over that shoul- 
der, they are friglitened with the idea 
that something unlucky will happen to 
them. Some persons will not cross a street 
in front of a funeral, hecause they think it 
unlucky. Others think it unlucky to walk 
under a ladder; but they think it very 
lucky to pick up a horseshoe. Many people 
nail up horseshoes on their barns, some will 
even nail them up over their doors, because they 
think they will bring luck. There is a large 
number of people who think Friday an unlucky 
day; they will never commence any labor or 
start on a journey on that day. To spill salt by some peo- 
ple is considered unlucky. We have heard folks say when 
a saltcellar has been upset on the table, that it is a sign of 
a quarrel ; and to breali a looking-glass, is considered by 
some a sure sign of misfortune. We have heard teamsters 
say in greasing their wagons "Be sure and not turn the 
■wheel backwards, for it is a sign that you will break an 
axletree." We have heard some housewives say when a 
dish-cloth would fall that it was a sign that strangers were 
coming. There are many persons, who, when they start 
off on a journey or on business, would consider it very 
unlucky to go back to get anything they had forgotten, or 
to leave anj' message that ought to have been told before 
they started. Peoi>Ie who have this belief say : " Return 
to your homes for anything you may have forgotten, when 
having started on a journey, and it will surely bring bad 
luck." Then another superstition is: "You must not 
look your friends out of sight, if you do, you may never see 
them again." There are some people so superstitious that 
they will not be tlie thirteenth person at a dining table. 
At sea we have been checked by sailors for whistling ; 
because they tliink it increases the wind; but when 
becalmed on sailing-vessels some sailors whistle to bring 
wind. For a dog to howl in the night neara house is con- 
sidered by many a sure sign of death. We have l)een in 
countries where the people think it very unlucky for two 
persons to wash in tbe same water; that is, for one person 
to wash in tbe water after another, they thought it was a 
sure sign of a quarrel. I'.ut if they were to sjiit in the 
water after they had done washing such a result would l)e 
jirevented. We tliink that this practice would be likely 
to have such an efluct, for water would have to be very 
scarce, or a person very dirty, for a man to wash in the 
water that another had used and spit in ! We have heard 
it said that if a rooster crows directly in front of a house 
door, there will be as many visitors come to the liouse the 
same day as the number of times that he crows. For a 
person with a red head to be the first to enter a house on 



New Year's Day in some countries is considered unlucky; 
but a black -haired person is lucky. To open the door to 
lend any article or to let lire be taken out of the house on 
that day is also deemed unlucky in some places. We 
have seen market women in countries which we have 
visited, spit on tbe first money they received in the morn- 
ing. This practice they thought was lucky. 

Now these superstitions are only a few,of the very many 
which prevail among mankind, and even a.mong those 
who call themselves civilized. Many of them are regard- 
ed with as great care as if they were gospel truths, and 
their believers are brouglit under their bondage. This is 
foolish. For where a belief of this kind prevails, there is 
not that faith in God which should exist, especially among 
Latter-day Saints. We trust that our readers will never 
sutler their minds to be oppressed by a belief in such 
superstitions. Luck does not come to a person by the 
observauceof such things, neither will a person be unlucky 
because of their non-observance. People will be blessed 
by keeping the commandments of God, and when they 
do this, nothing that is really unlucky can come ujjon 
them, for all things will be overruled for their good. Job 
was thought by his friends to be very unlucky when his 
misfortunes came upon him; but the Lord had his e.ye 
upon him, and He overruled every one of them for his 
good. Remember this, children, that it is not the obser- 
vance of signs that bring luck, but the observance of the 
Lord's commands. 



110 bo rich is the highest ambition of many pcr.=!ons of tlio 
world. In this one all absorbing desire is swallowed up all 
thought of present enjoyment for themselves or others. To this 
single end everything else becomes subservient, and pleasure is 
only found in something which will yield a pecuniary profit. 
They heap up riches, not to enjoy tliem, but to have them ; 
starve themselves in the midst of plenty, deny themselves of 
that which is their own, and are miserable in hoarding up that 
which if judiciously used might spread happiiiess all about 
them. It is unnecessary to say that such minds are not of the 
highest typo. There is really nothing in the actions of such a 
person to call forth our honest admiration. Indeed we cannot 
but think that such minds are perverted, and not according to 
nature. A man who can be satisfied in amassing riches at the 
cost of suffering to himself and family, and misery and ojiprcs- 
sion to his fellow creatures ; and who can take comfort and 
pleasure in seeing others reduced t« poverty and wretchedness 
in order that his worldly riches may be enhanced, is devoid of 
the most noble qualities man can possess and cannot really be 
snid to know what happiness is. Wealth is conducive to our 
happiness only so fir as it is capable of supplying our necessities 
and relieving the wants of those we love. When it fails of 
accomplishing this, wo derive no happiness from it. Happiness 
does not consist in possessing much, but in being contented with 
what we do possess. Wealth though it supjilies wants, also has 
the effect of creating them, and it is not always the rich who are 
the most happy, for with riches comes additional responsibility 
and care. 

It is not only our privilege but our duty to lift ourselves from 
groveling poverty, and even get rich, when we can do so hon- 
estly, but every otiier object in life should not be sacrificed at 
the shrine of this one. The real luippiness of every individual 
in this life must consist in great part in making others hajijiy, 
therefore the disposition of covetousness should bo curbed and 
overw.imc and we should seek to ever display that generosity 
which is so likely to shed happiness on ourselves and others. 
Thus in our lives wc may exemplify the true saying of Isaiah, 
"The liberal deviseth liberal things, and by liberal things shall 
he .stand." 



f 



flE 



jr-crVElsriXjE I3iTSTI2.TJOTOI^. 



189 



THIE ^A^E.A_SEL. 



WE give an engraving this week of tiie Weasel. This 
animal belongs to an extensive family of animals 
known by the name of marten, ermine, ferret, etc. This 
species inhabit many countries in Europe and is numer- 
ous in the United States. Tlie upper part of its body is 
red, the lower part white, the tail red aud uniform. It is 
said to be very mischievous in the farmyard and the hen- 
roost, as well as amongst game of every description ; on 
hares and rabbits no less than on the feathered tribes. 
But those who are best aquainted with its habits say that 
its usual prey is mice, rats, moles and small birds. When 
driven by hunger, it will boldly attack poultry, rabbits, 
&c. It is claimed that it is a useful animal around barns, 
wheat-stacks aud granaries, as it destroys mice and soon 
devours or drives them all off. The Weasel is a very 
courageous animal, and will defend itself fiercely when 
attacked by birds of prey, and when its nest is invaded by 
dogs, or even man, it will show fight. The nest is con- 
structed of dry leaves and herbage, and is generally lodged 
in some snug locality, as a dry ditch, a hollow tree, etc. 







''<:;ii,}^ 



.^-.^^^^K.^^' 



The ermine resembles the Weasel very much in its 
general appearance, but it is considerably larger. Its 
color is a reddish brown in the upper jDartof the body, and 
white beneath, and the tip of its tail is constantly black. 
Its fur is short, soft and silky : but is much longer, thicker 
and finer in the winter time than in the summer. In the 
northern regions in the winter time tlio ermine becomes 
milk white. Ermine fur is in great request. The robes 
of kings were formerly trimmed with it, aud in some 
countries it is still worn by judges. When used as lining 
for cloaks, &c., the black tuft from the tail is sewed to the 
skin at regular distances. Our readers who visit the 
theatre in this city probably recollect seeing the robes of 
those who represent kings trimmed with this fur. In 
Norway and Siberia ermine skins are a great article of 
commerce. In the neighborhood of Hudson's Bay tliey 
are also very abundant. The method of catching them is 
cither by traps or shooting them with blunt arrows. It is 
a fierce animal, and in the pursiuit of its prey is one of 
the boldest of its size. Even wlien caged, it will kill or 
injure everything within its reach. 

The following anecdote of a light between a ferret, 
which resembles the Weasel, and a rat, will jirobably lie 
read with interest. The ferret like the Weasel, is a 
deadly enemy of the Rat: 

A medical frien<l of Mr. Jesse's " having entt-rlained a 
great deal of surprise that the ferret, an animal of mu-h 
slutv locomotive powers, should be so destructive and 



obnoxious to the rat tribe, determined to bring both 
these animals fairly into the arena, in order to judge of 
their respective powers ; and having selected a fine speci- 
men of a large and full-grown male rat, as also an equally 
strong buck ferret, which had been accustomed to the 
haunts of rats, accompanied by his son, he turned these 
two animals loose in a room void of furniture, in which 
there was but one window, determined to await patiently 
the whole process of their encounter. Immediately upon 
being liberated, the rat ran round the room as if searching 
for an exit. Not finding any means of escape, he uttered 
a piercing shriek, and, with the most prompt decision) 
took up his station directly under the light, thus gaining 
over his adversary (to use the language of pugilists) the 
advantage of the sun. The ferret now erected his head, 
sniffed about, and seemed fearlessly to push his way 
towards the spot where the scent of his game was strong- 
est, facing the light in full front, and preparing himself 
with avidity to seize upon his prey. No sooner, however, 
had he approached within two feet of his watchful foe, 
than the rat, again uttering a loud cry, rushed at him, and 
in a violent attack inflicted a severe wound on the head or 
neck of the ferret, which soon discovered itself by the 
blood which flowed from it; the ferret seemed astonished 
at the charge, and retreated with evident discomfiture ; 
while the rat, instead of following up the advantage he 
had gained, instantly withdrew to his former station under 
the window. 

"The ferret soon recovered the shock he had sustained, 
and erecting his head, once niore took the field. This 
second recontrewas in all its progress and results an exact 
repetition of the fornjer, with this exception, that on the 
rush of the rat to the conflict, the ferret appeared more 
collected, and evidently showed an inclination to get a 
firm hold of his enemy : the strength of the rat, however, 
was prodigiously great, and he again succeeded in not only 
avoiding the deadly embrace of the ferret, but also inflicted 
another severe wound on his "neck and head. The rat 
again returned to his retreat under the window, and the 
ferret seemed less anxious to renew the conflict. These 
attacks were resumed at intervals for nearly two hours, 
generally ending in the failure of the ferret, who was 
evidently fighting at a disadvantage from the light falling 
full on his eye whenever he approached the rat, who 
wisely kept his ground, and never for a moment lost sight 
of the advantage he had obtained. 

" In order to prove whether the choice of this position 
depended upon accident, my friend managed to dislodge 
the rat, and took his own station under the window ; but 
the moment the ferret attempted to make his api)roach, 
the rat, evidently aware of the ailvantage he had lost, 
endeavored to creep between my friend's legs, thus losing 
sight of his natural fear of man under the danger which 
awaited him from his more deadly foe. The ferret by this 
time had learned a profitable lesson, and prepared to 
approach the rat in a more wily manner by creeping 
insidiously along the skirting, and thus avoiding the glare 
of light that heretofore had ballled liis allemi>ts. The rat 
still pursued with the greatest energy his original mode of 
attack, namely, inflicting a wound, and avoiding at the 
same time a close combat; whilst It was c(|U!ilIy certain 
that his foe was intent upon laying holtl of and grasping 
his intended victim in his nuirderons embrace. 

"Thecliaracterof the fight, which lia<l lasted more than 
three hours, was now evidently changed, and the rut 
aiipearcd conscious that he had lost thi" advantage ho 
originiilly possessed, and, like the Swedish hero, had 
taught his lre(|uently beaten foe to beat himself in turn. 
At last, in a lengtlieiieil struggle, the ferret succeeded In 
accomi)llslilng his originally intcmled grapple; the rat, as 



■i^S^i 



■-^ 



t 



190 



J'TJ'V'EII^IIL.E IIsrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



if conscious of his certain ruin, made little further efTort 
of resistance, but sending forth a plaintive shriek, surren- 
dered himself quietly to his persevering foe." 



[For the Juvenile Iiisfructm'. 



I=>I?.EOi:FITJ^TI03Sr-3<rO 1. 



THE formation and separation of a solid sxibstance in a liquid 
is called "precipitation," When a substance is brought 
into solution with a view to analysis, some other subst;ince is 
selected that wiU chemically combine with one or more of the 
ingredients in the solution so as to separate them from the 
other. This is generally done by dissolving the substance so 
used, as, in solution it is more convenient to use and facilitate 
operations. The substance so used is called a "precipitant," 
because it throws down suddenly the ingredient with which it 
unites ; and enough has to be used to throw down all the sub- 
stance affected by it if an exact analysis is to be made. It is 
easy to determine whether a complete precipitation is made, by 
adding a little more of the precipitant to the solution after 
filtration which wiU cause more to be "thrown down" if 
enough has not been used. 

It is at all times preferable to use water to dissolve substances 
if they are soluble in that fluid. Acids frequently have to be 
used among which hydro-chloric (muriatic acid) is generally 
preferred, especially for preliminary investigations. Suppose, 
for Instance, a fluid has to be examined, by adding a few drops 
of hydro-chloric acid it can be determined whether silver, or 
lead, or mercury is present. If a white solid is formed and 
precipitated, one or more of those metals is present, if the acid 
faUs to produce the white solid, or precipitate, then it is known 
that neither of those metals exist in the solution, and some 
other precipitant is used to test for another group of metals. 

There is another kind of precipitation that is mechanical 
instead of chemical, such, fur instance, as results from the 
mere breaking up of substances, as when starch is made from 
potatoes, or other vegetable substances. I'otatoes when grated 
in water, lose the starch-particles they hold, which fall down in 
the water because they are insoluble in that fluid, and cannot 
be suspended in it without boUiog. Sometimes, however, 
water itself becomes a precipitant as, for instance in the separa- 
tion of antimony from certain acid solutions ; this is a chemical 
precipitation. 

Not only can solutions of solid substances be made and 
analysed by separating their constituents and estimating them 
separately ; but fluids with which we arc familiar can be thus 
analyzed. When it is only necessary to know what the cod- 
stituents are, the analysis is called "qualitative-," where the 
quantity of each has to be determined it is called "quantitative 
analysis." If we ask and answer the question What is it? 
when speaking of any substance for examination, we get the 
qualit;/; if, in addition, we ask How much? the answer gives 
the quantity. 

Suppose that we require to know the constituents of a 
miner.il water, for instance, on adding a little lime water if a 
precipitate is formed and afterwards dissolved by adding more 
water to it there is carbonic acid present. If we now add a few 
drops of acetate of lead to a portion of the water in a flask and 
well shake the same so as to bring the lead in contact with any 
sulphurctcA h^idror/eti or (dlcrdinc sidjdnmt^ if a black powder 
is precipitated, one or both of these compounds are known to 
be present ; a sulphide of lead is formed. 



If a few drops of hydro-chloric acid be added to some of the 
water and gently warmed, so as to promote chemical action, on 
adding chloride of barium should a white precipitate be thrown 
down sxdplmric acid is known to be present; sulphate of baryta 
is fonned. 

If we now acidify with a few drops of nilric acid another 
portion of the water and gently warm it^ on adding nitrate of 
silver should a curdy white precipitate, or a turbidity of the 
water be seen hydro-cldoric acid is known to be present; the 
chloride of silver is formed. 

Betii. 



insrsEGT 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



THE CIREAT BRO^VN ANT OF NICARAGUA. 



IN the year 1S52, on my way to California by the way of the 
Isthmus of Nicaragua and up the San Juan river, we laid 
over one day two miles above Machuca rapids, waiting for boats 
to come down the river for us. Some of us passed the day 
hunting and strolling in the magnificent tropical forests that 
skirt the banks of that beautiful river. In my rambles I came 
across a trail of a species of large brown ant, that build their 
nests in the low branches of the shrubbery, sometimes as large 
as a hogshead. This train seemed to be governed by as 
systematic rules as workmen carrying materials to a building, 
Each one going one way had a piece of a leaf in his jaws, about 
the size of a five-cent piece, carrying it with the edge perpen- 
dicular, and always taking the left hand side of the trail. 
Those going the other way without anything, taking the left 
also. So there was no jostling or disorder. I had a curiosity 
to follow their trail to find where they got their buUding 
material. I followed it nearly a half a mile, when I came to a 
large tall tree, the leaves of which must have possessed proper- 
ties suitable to their purposes. They ascended this tree, and 
cut out such portions of the leaf as suited their purposes, and 
always came down on the opposite side of the tree to where they 
ascended. It was curious to watch these insects in their labors 
to obtain building material ; their traU was well worn, and they 
marched with as much regularity as a regiment of soldiers. At 
one place their trail ran up the inclined root of a leaning tree. 
Up this they went some forty feet, and down on the other side 
carrying their burthens with them, and the entire train followed 
the same course ,when a detour of a few feet would save two or 
three rods of travel. How far they carried the material of their 
structure, I do not know, as my curiosity was satisfied to find 
the source of supplies and their general systematic rules by 
which they seemed to be governed. I have often regretted 
since that I did not follow the trail to their building to ascertain 
how flvr they went for material, and to inspect their mode of 
building ; but the sun was nearly vertical. There must have 
been an immense colony of them, for they were often three and 
four abreast both ways — as close as they could travel, as far as 
I followed the trail. 

W. E. FuiNK. 



CiiEwiNa Gum. — Many children are in the habit of chewing 
gum. To say the least of it, it is a useless habit. There is no 
nourishment to be obtained from it, and the coloring in much of 
the gum that is sold is very injurious to the system. If chil- 
dren were always acquainted with the component parts of the 
mixture which they buy for chewing-gum, there would doubt- 
less be loss of it used. IMuch of it is composed of gum-arabic, 
gum-tragacanth, resin and fat. The fat is extracted from the 
bodies of dogs, cats and other animals found dead in the streets 
of cities. Is'nt that nice? 



I^fg^- 




J" TJ "7" E 3^ IL E! I:N"STI^TJ0T0I?/. 



=>^§? 



191 






-Aiq-EOIDOTBS OIP O^TS. 



FROM CHAMEEKS'S MISCELLAXT. 

{Conii7iued.) 



SAGACITY AND INTELLiai-NCE. 

V[7HILE M'e readily admit that the cat is inferior iu 
T docility and intelligence to the dog, we are not of 
those who would exalt the one at the expense of the other, 
and continue to harbor absurd prejudices against the dis- 
positions and manners of the former. We have seen that 
it is by no means destitute of attachment, gentleness, 
courage, memory, and other mental attributes ; and if we 
regard it honestly, we shall also iind that it exhibits in 
many instances no small degree of sagacious ingenuity. 
'No experiment,' says an intelligent writer, 'can be more 
beautiful than that of setting a Ititten for the first time 
before a looking-glass. The animal appears surprised and 
pleased with the resemblance, and makes several attempts 
at touching its new acquaintance; and at length finding 
its efforts fruitless, it looks behind the glass, and appears 
highly astonished at the absence of the figure. It again 
views itself, and tries to touch the image with its foot^ 
suddenly looking at intervals behind the glass. It then 
becomes more accurate iu its observations, antl begins, as 
it were, to make experiments, by stretching out its paw in 
diflterent directions; and when it finds that these rpotions 
are answered in every respect by the figure in the glass, it 
seems at length to be convinced of the real nature of the 
image.' If so acute and intelligent in its very infancy, 
what may we expect when its faculties are matured by 
observation and experiment? 

'A friend of mine,' says the Rev. J.Ir. Bingley, 'possessed 
a cat and a dog, which, not being able to live together in 
peace, had several contentious struggles for the mastery ; 
and in the end the dog so completely prevailed, that the 
cat was driven away, and forced to seek for shelter else- 
where. Several months elapsed, during which the dog 
alone possessed the house. At length, however, lie was 
poisoned by a female servant, whose nocturnal visitors he 
had too often betrayed, and was soon afterwards carried 
out lifeless into the court before the door. The cat, from a 
neighboring roof, was observed to watch the motions of 
several persons who went up to look at him ; and when all 
were retired, he dsscended and crept with some degree of 
caution into the place. He soon ventured to approach; 
and after having frequently patted the dog with his paw, 
appeared perfectly sensible that his late quarrelsome com- 
panion could no more insult him ; and from tliat time he 
quietly returned to his former residence and habits.' Here 
there was only a reasoning process exhibited ; but in the 
following instance, related by Dr. Smellie, there was 
ingenuity of performance combined with the sagacity: 
'A cat frequented a closet, the door of wliicli was fastened 
by a common iron latch. A window was situated near the 
door. When the door was shut, the cat gave herself no 
uneasiness; for, as soon as she was tired of hor confine- 
ment, she mounted on the sill of (he window, and with 
her paws dextrously lifted the lakh and came out. This 
practice she continued for years.' 

Still more ingenious are several of the instances related 
by M. Antoine in liis Aiiirnaiix (Mcl/ytfi: In a cloister in 
France, where the hours of meals were announced by the 
ringing of a bell, a cat was always in attendance as soon 
as it was heard, that she, too, according to custom, might 
be fed. One day it happened that Puss was shut up in a 
room by herself when the bell rang, so she was not able to 
avail herself of the summons. Some hours aft<>r, she was 
let out, and instantly ran to the spot where dinner was 



always left for her, but no dinner was to be found. In 
the afternoon the bell was heard ringing at an unusual 
hour; when the inmates of the cloister came to see what 
was the cause of it, they found the cat clinging to the bell- 
rope, and setting it in motion as well as she was able, in 
order that she might have her dinner served up to her. In 
this instance the cat must have been in the habit of 
observing what went forward, and was therefore led to 
associate the ringing of the bell with the serving up of 
dinner; and feeling the want of her meal, very naturally 
applied herself to perform the act which had always 
preceded its appearance. Another anecdote, evincing still 
greater ingenuity and cunning, is related by the same 
amusing compiler. An Angora cat, belonging to the 
Charter-house of Paris, having observed that the cook 
always left the kitclien upon the ringing of a certain bell, 
and thus left the coast clear for his depredations, soon 
acquired the art of pul ing the bell, and during the cook's 
absence regularly made off with some of the delicacies 
which were left unprotected. This trick he repeated at 
intervals for several weeks, till one day he was detected by 
a person who was placed in wait for the purloiner. 

The power of observation in the lower animals is much 
more active and accurate than is generally supposed ; and 
to those who have watched their conduct, they seem not 
only to observe persons and events, but actually to know 
days, and if not to understand our language, at least to 
comprehend the meaning of the tones in wliich it is 
uttered. A very curious proof of the observant faculty in 
the cat is given in the following story : There was a lady 
who lived at Potsdam with her children, one of whom ran 
a splinter into lier little foot, which caused her to scream 
out most violently. At first her cries were disregarded, 
and supposed to proceed from crossness ; but at length the 
eldest sister, who had been asleep, was awakened by the 
screams, and as she was just getting up to quiet the child, 
she observed a favorite cat, with whom they were wont to 
play, and who was a remarkable gentle disposition, leave 
its seat under the stove, go to the crying girl and gave her 
such a smart blow on the cheek with one of its paws, as to 
draw blood. After this the animal walked back with the 
greatest composure and gravity to its place, as if satisfied 
with liaving chastised the child for crying, and with the 
hope of indulging in a comfortable nap. No doubt it had 
often seen the child punished for crossness, and as there 
was no one near to administer correction. Puss had 
determined to take the law into her own hand. 

It is told that before the conciucst of Cyprus by the 
Turks, a garrison of disciplined cats was kept on that 
island for the purpose of destroying the serpents where- 
with it was infested. So well trained were these feline 
luinters, that they came iu to their meals at the sound of a 
bell, and upon a similar signal returned in order to the 
chase, which they prosecuted with the most admirable zeal 
and address. 

JIISCICLLANEOUS ANECDOTES. 

The following additional incidents and characteristics of 
the cat kind are removed from the feuspicion, sometimes 
attaching to unauthenticatcd stories, of being exiiggeratcd 
or, it may even be in some eases, fuliri<atc(l. They are 

selected from communications sent us liy Mrs. P , alaily 

now living— the sistcrof a late eminent naturalist, and are 
exclusively the result of her own observation. ' Having,' 
she writes, ' now for more than forty-live years made (he 
graceful "l<'ellno" tribe my constant and loved com- 
panions, and objects of study and close <)l)servatlon, I 
think I may venture to aCllrm that all the little Incidents 
I am al)out to relate are strictly true, and what I can per- 
sonally vouch for. l''i()m my childhood, cats were my 



f^^^^' 




^ 



19S 



or TJ "^T E IT I L E IILTSTIS/TJCTOie/. 




pets, and I have never found their affection and gratitude 
fail in one instance.' She first mentions 'a beautiful male 
white Persian eat named "Ben." I had his mother, so 
that he was petted and trained from a Jiitteu. His love for 
me was unbounded ; he followed me like a dog, even if I 
was on my pony ; and a severe illness obliging me to 
leave home for a year, nearly caused his death. He 
mourned for me, refused his food, and' became quite wild 
and savage, allowing no one to handle him, and always 
lay on an old dress of mine, which he would suffer no one 
to remove from him. My mother, by great care and coax- 
ing, induced him to eat a little ; but when I returned after 
a year's absence, he was the shadow of his former self; 
his soft coat disheveled, and no longer glossy, and his 
whole aspect changed. The moment I spoke — indeed, 
before I spoke, he recognised my step the instant I came 
into the room — he rushed to me, overwhelmed me with 
caresses, licked my face and hands, and seemed over- 
powered with joy. He soon regained his former good 
looks, and has been my faithful comjjanion for many 
years. I had at that time eight or nine cats, all faithful 
and fond, but none so intelligent as Ben.' 
{To be continued.) 



OiNE Dkop of Evil. — "I don't sec wliy you wont let mc 
play with "Will Hunt," pouted Walter Kirk. " I know he does 
not always mind his mother, and smokes cigars, and once in a 
while swears just a little. But I have been brought up bettor 
than that ; he wont hurt me. I should think you woulil trust 
mc. I might do him good." 

"Walter," said Ms mother, "take this glass of jjure clear 
water, and put just one drop of ink into it." 

" mother ! who would have thought one drop would blacken 
a whole glass so!" 

" Yes ; it has changed the color of the whole, has it not ? It 
is a shame to do that. Just put a drop of clear water in it and 
restore its purity," said JMrs. Kirk. 

"Why, mother! you are lauglung at me. One drop, nor a 
dozen, nor fifty, wont do that." 

"No, my son; and therefore I can not allow one drop of 
Will Hunt's evil nature to mingle with your careful training, 
many drops of which will make no impression upon him." 



Eaii.uoad Signals. — We have heard many boys and girls 
wonder what the different whistles of a locomotive and the 
motions of the conductors meant. A railroad official has kindly 
enlightened us, and we shall explain to our readers what has 
seemed so mysterious. One whistle, "down brakes;" two 
whistles, "off brakes;" throe whistles, "back up;" continu- 
ous whistles, "danger." A rapid succession of short whistles 
is the cattle alarm, at which the brakes will always be put 
down. When a conductor gives a signal by a sweeping i)arting 
of the hands, on a level with his eyes, it moans, "go ahead." 
A downward motion of the hand, with extended arms, "stop." 
A beckoning motion of the hand, "to back." A lantern raised 
and lowered vertiaiUy, is a signal for "starting;" swung at 
right angles or crossways the track, "to stop;" swung in a 
circle, " to back the train." A red flag, waved upon the track 
is a signal of danger; so of other signals given with energy. 
A red flag hoisted at a station^ is a signal fur a train " Lo stoji ;" 
stuck up by the roadside, it is a signal of danger on the train 
ahead ; carried unfurled upon an engine, a warning that another 
engine or train is on its way. 



TiL\T man only is truly brave, who fears nothing so much as 
committing a mean action, and undauntedly fulfills his duty, 
whatever be the dangers which impede his way. 




pigittal ^u^lt'g* 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 

THIE SOITC3- THE BJ^EIT 

siisra-s. 



How I love the Boiig the. baby shigs, 
As he coos and nestles so close to me ; 

Then glances upward and lightly springe, 
And slips to the floor from my hands and knee ! 

When I long for departed summer Dowers, 
I kiss th' pale rose on his infant check ; 

And for music of birds in the echoing bowers, 
Hear tU' sweet anthems his pure lips speak ; 

'When storm clouds cover the autumn skies, 
Casting dark shadows about the room. 

There is snnshme still in liis blue, liright eyes — 
W^ith heart still grateful, I feel no gloom. 

Of hours and days all joyous and bright, 
Glorious beings and beautiful things, 

Fruits and flowers that know no blight — 
These arc the songs the Ijaby suigs. 



Nov. 31sl 1871. 



■ LUI,A. 



UO "WHI^T ^OXJ O.A.Isr. 



Don't think there is nothuig 

For children to do, 
Because they can't work like a man. 

The harvest is great, 

And the laborers few ; 
Then, children, do all that j'ou can. 

Tou think, if great riches 

You had at command, 
Your zeal should no weariness Icnow : 

You'd scatter your wealth 

With a liberal hand. 
And succor the children of woe. 

But what if you've naught .. 

But a penny to give 'f 
Then give it, though scanty your store; 

For those who give notlimg 

When little they have. 
When wealthy will do little more. 

It was not the ofTcring 
Of pomp and of power, 

It was not the golden licqucsl ; 
Ah, no! 'twas the mite 
From the linnd of the poor, 

Thit Jesus applauded and bleat. 

Then don't be a sluggard, 

And live at your ease, 
And life witli vain jileasurcB beguile; 

But ever be active 

And busy as bees, 
And God on your labors will euiilc 



Selected. 



Is puljli.sUed iu Salt L.ako City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum , $2 50. 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50, 

4S- Grain brought to this City for the .luVKNH.K Inbtkuctor will be 
rcccivcdst the office of our paper— Dbskket Nkws Buildings. 




