
VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CiTY, SATURDAY, MAY 8, 18G9. 



NO. 10. 



T h: El 



B JL B o o isr 







I the last number we gave you an engraving of an Ourang- 
Outang; in this number the picture is of a Baboon. They 
both belong to the familj' of the Q)iadnimana, called so from 
being four handed. These animals generally possess thumbs, 
or members which bear the same relationship to their fingers 
that the thumb of man does to his fingi-rs. There is no class 
of the lower animals which has excited so much interest as the 
Quadnimana, or 
monkey tribes, 
oniposed, a s 
they are, of races 
having some re- 
semblance t 
man. 

There have 
been men in the 
world who have 
contended that 
men and mon- 
keys belong to 
the same species. 
One, so-called, 
learned man gives 
a description of 



an ape, to which 
he assigns every 
grace and virtue, 
and affirms that 
these aiiima 
would speak if 
they were not 
afraid of being 
compelled to la- 
bor. It is said 
that Linnreus, a 
man very noteu 
fur his know- 
ledge of jilants 
and animals, fan- 
cied that a UKin- 
key was not i'ar 
below a man, and 
tl at he niitht be 
refined until ho became a man. A theory of this kind, called 
the Darwinian thiory, after the name of Profe.'sor Darwin, is 
believed by some ; t the present time. According to this 
theory, man is an advai.ccd kind of gorilla or ape! i5y a natu- 
ral law of progression, act- rding to this theory, ho has gained 




step by step from the degraded condition in which the monkey 
tribes now are, until he has reached his present condition! 

What folly men will believe, when they neglect God and 
follow the vain imaginations of their own minds! If they 
knew anything true about God and themselves, they would 
understand that instead of being the descendants of a monkey 
or gorilla, they are the children of God, and that they sprang 

from him. Their 
parentage is di- 
vine, and they 
should look up to 
it, and not down 
to the brutes. 

In the East 
Indies and in 
other places in 
Asia, animals of 
this race have 
been raised in 
the miidds of the 
people to the 
rank of gods, and 
they have made 
them objects of 
worship. W e 
ead of one tem- 
jle that had a 
portico for re- 
ceiving victims 
sacrificed to a 
monkey, which 
liad no fewer 
than seven hun- 
dred columns. 
It is stated tliat 
when the Portu- 
guese plundered 
one of these 
monkey palaces 
in tlic island of 
Ceylon, they 
found the tooth 
of an ape in a 
small gold casket; and in such veneration was the relic he!d by 
the natives, that they oifercd 700,000 ducats to redeem it, but 
it was burnt by order of the viceroy. 

It is difficult to conceive how an intelligent man could bring 
himself to believe that there was any relationship between him 






I 



i^ 



74 



a-TJ"V"EISriLE HSrSTI^TJOTOI^, 



t 



and the animal in our engraving to-day! The Baboon does not 
resemble man, however, as much as the ourang-outang. They 
are large, fierce and formidable, not easily tamed, even though 
confined for a long time. Look at the face of this one in the 
picture and you will plainly see fierceness and brutality there. 

In their native haunts they subsist on roots and berries, and 
partly on eggs, insects, and scorpions; but in cultivated districts 
they make incursions into the fields and gardens, where they 
commit the greatest depredations on the fruit and grain. They 
congregate in groups, and are bold and skilful in their preda- 
tory excursions, maintaining their ground even against large 
parties ot men; and it is remarked that "a troop of them will 
sometimes fbim a long chain, extending from the vicinity of 
their ordinary habitation to the garden or field which they hap- 
pen to be engaged in plundering, and that the produce of their 
theft is pitched from hand to hand, till ic reaches its destina- 
tion in the mountains." 

In Siani, these animals frequently sally forth in astonishing 
mul itudes, to attack the villages, when the laborers are occu- 
pied in ihe rice harvest. They then plunder the dwellings of 
all the food on which they can lay their hands. 

A baboon, called Kees, in the possession of the celebrated 
traveler, Le Vaillant, was rendered serviceable to him in more 
ways than one. Kees drew roots from the ground by a method 
which was, at once very ingenious and amusing. When he laid 
hold of the herbage with his teeth, he placed his fore feet 
against the ground, and drew back his head, in order to pull 
out the root; he thus sometimes tasked his whole strength; if 
this did not succeed, he then laid hold of the leaves as close to 
the ground as possible, and threw himself heels over head; this 
expedient gave such a concussion to the root, that it never 
failed to j roduce the desired effect. Le Vaillant turned this 
trick of the baboon to his own advantage. "I made Kees," he 
says, "my taster. Whenever we found fruits or roots, with 
which my Hottentots were unacquainted, we did not touch 
them till he had tasted them. If he threw them away, we con- 
cluded that they were either of a di- agreeable flavor or of a 
pernicious quality, and left them untasted." But Kees, like 
the rest of his race, was sufficiently sagacious, whenever he 
pleased, to make a broad distinction between mine and thine. 
In proof of this, Le Vaillant says:— "I often took Kees wiih 
me when I went hunting; and when he saw me preparing for 
sport, he exhibited the most lively demonstrations of joy. On 
the way, he would climb into the trees to look for gum, of 
which he was very fond. Stmetimes he discovered hone}', de- 
posited in hollow trees, or in the clefts of rocks. But if he 
happened to have met with neither honey nor gum, and his ap- 
petite had become sharp by running about, I always witnessed 
a very ludicrous scene. In such cases he looked for roots, which 
he ate with great eagerness, especially a particular kind, which, 
to his cost, I also found to be very well tasted and refreshing, 
and therefore insisted on sharing with him. But Kees was no 
fool. Whenever he found such a root, and I was not near 
enough to seize upon my share, he devoured it in the greatest 
haste, keeping his eyes all the while riveted on me. He gener- 
ally measured the distance I had to pass before I could get to 
him, so that I was almost sure of coming up too late. Some- 
times, however, when he had made a mistake in his calculation, 
I came upon him sooner than he expected; he then endeavored 
to hide the root; in this case I compelled him, by a box on the 
ear, to give me up my share. But this treatment caused no 
malice between us; we remained as good friends as ever." 



93^ 



TirE more you draw from the well of truth the clearer the 
water becomes. 



^or the Juvenile Instructor, 



mnu mnui. 



LirrLE WILLIE GROWN TO MANHOOD. 



CHAPTKR XI, 



A ITER leaving the old stable and its nuaierous inhabitants, 
Willie went to Knaresborough, where he arrived soon 
after daylight. There he met with a kind friend who gave him 
some refreshment. The refreshment consisted of bread and 
water. Willie's frie ud was very poor; bread and water was the 
best he could bestow: hence, roast beef, plum puddings and 
dainties would.have , been received with no greater degree of 
thankfulness. 

Early one morning Willie started out for the city of Ripon, 
a distance of thirteen miles; he j assed through Harrowgate 
and a little village called Little Wonder. In the latter place he 
distributed some tracts and then resumed Lis journey. After 
arriving at the city he also distributed tracts, and spent several 
hours in visiting from house to house, embracing every oppor- 
tunity of bearing his testimony to the truth. 

Towards evening, finding no place where he could obtain lodg- 
ing for the night, he turned his steps ti Brother W's., the spo* 
where he started from in the morning. Brother W. was a faithlu' 
man in the Church; but his wife was opposed to the Latter-day 
Saints and their principles. Still she was kind to Willie. As 
he bent his steps towards his nights's resting place, his soul 
was wrapped in thought. He walked along the road-side in 
the stillness of the night, thinking of the labors of the day 
just past, the long and weary miles that he had traveled, the 
families that he had visited, the frowns that he had met, and 
the scorn that he had endured, an d all for the truth's sake^ 
He thought of the world's ingratitude in persecuting the ser. 
vants of God; hating those who labored most for their good; 
seeking the very life's blood of those who alone cjuld open the 
door of salvation to them. 

The ancient prophets suffered and died for the truth. Jesus 
was hunted from place to place; a man of sorrows, and ac- 
quainted with grief; and, finally. He was cmcified. His disci- 
ples were worn out in the cause of truth. The world spake evil 
of them. They were pilgrims traveling to the better land, 
cheered by the glorious hope which strengthened them to bear 
all that a w.cked world could heap upon them. These thoughts 
dispelled the gloom that was gathering around Willie's mind, 
and cheered him in his weariness. He desired God to give 
him wisdom, fit him for his service, and strengthen him for the 
work before him. 

As Willie traveled along he was occasionally reminded in a 
very forcible manner of the pitiful condition of his feet, by his 
toes suddenly coming into too close and unpleasant contact with 
the rougher portions of the road, in consequence of the large 
holes in the toes of his boots. 

It was very late when he arrived at Brother W's, and so 
weary that he could scarcely drag one foot after the other. As 
soon as he arrived he retired to bed. 

That night Willie prayed that God would put it into the 
heart of some person to get his boots mended. Next morning 
as he passed down stairs Mrs. \V. fixed her attention upon 
Willie's boots. She watcV.ed every motion of his feet till Wil- 
lie became conscious of her scrutinizing glance. Finally she 
exclaimed, "well Mr. W. if I was a member of a church in 
which the preacher wore such boots as these, (pointing at Wil- 



!^- 



^ 



J-TJ^EISriXjE IlsrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



75 



^f 



16^ 



lie's) I should he ashamed and try to get them fixed." At the 
close of this last remark she called up a little boy and sent him for 
the shoemaker, who answered her summons, and thoroughly 
repaired Willie's boots. The circumstance reminded Willie of 
his prayer the night before, and he felt to thank God not only 
for getting his boots mended, but for this direct answer to his 
prayer. He thought that this was a plain evidence that God 
acknowledged him in his mission, and listened to him when he 
prayed, which was a source of great comfort to him in his 
labors. 

Soon after this Elder B. was appointed to labor in connection 
with Willie, and under his direction. The prospect of a fellow 
laborer, and a companion in his toils, was very gratifying to his 
feelings. 

They met at Knaresboro. Nest morning, with portmanteau in 
hand, filled with books and pamphlets, they started for Borough 
Bridge, which is a very ancient village, and of considerable 
size. In the suburbs can be seen Roman pavement, 
which was laid during the time the Romans hold power 
in England. There are many other curiosities in this 
neighborhood. 

In this village Willie and his companion distributed tracts, 
and spent two or three hours in visiting among the people. It 
was now two o'clock p. m and both were very hungry. Willie's 
companion enquired where th;y would be likely to get dinner. 
Willie did not know. Soon they had to leave the village and 
still no prospect of dinner. After walking about a mile, in the 
direction of Ripon, they came to a grist mill, and a nice private 
residence. The question again occurred, "where shall we get 
dinner?' ' 

Willie answered "I do not know," and continued, "will you 
take a pamphlet, go to that house, and ask them to read it? 
also tell them that we are servants of the Lord sent to preach 
the gospel without purse or scrip, and that if they will give us 
something to eat as such, they shall in no wise lose their 
reward." 

B.— "I will go." 

He took a pamphlet and started for the house, followed by 
Willie. Knock, knock, went the rapper on the door. A ser- 
vant girl appeared. 

B. — "Can we see the master of the house?" 

Servant. — "No, sir, the master is not at home; but the mis- 
tress is within. Shall I call her?" 

B.— "If you please." 

Madam appeared, and Willie's companion addressed her as 
Willie had directed, almost word for word. 

Mistress. — "In what denomination are you ministers?" 

B. — "In the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints." 

Mistress. — "I do not wish to read anything about the Latter- 
day Saints; but I will give you a piece of bread" 

She got a loaf of bread, cut ofi' a very small piece as if in 
mockery, and passed it to him. 

B. — "There are two of us, madam." 

The lady then cut another small piece about like the first. 

Willie and his companion then went to the city of Ripon and 
held a meeting at the cross in the market place. The cross is 
to be found in most of the old towns in England, and consists 
of a high pillar, composed of rock, with four flights of steps, 
one on each of the four sides of the base. 

Willie and his companion ascended the stCDS. Many people 
gathered around them, and listened attentively to their re- 
marks. Some seemed interested. One gentleman invited 
them to supper; but they could get no bed that night. After 
supper they left town and walked two or three miles into the 
country, and came to a hay field where there was an abundance of 
new hay. Here they made a bed of hay, and then retired to 
sweet repose. Wm. W. B. 



" 0^^ "^"^^ ^^^ ^'"^^" ^^^'^^ *^^ following account of the 
\J antics of a pet bear. He was captured when a little 
cub, and was brought up by hand as one of the family. He 
claimed the warmest place on the hearth-stone, and nestled in 
cold weather with the dogs before the fire. None of the pet 
animals about the farm wore tamer than he; and none better 
loved to climb into his master's lap and receive his caress, or 
understood the whims of his mistress when begging for a choice 
morsel. He was of a prying disposition, and forever peeping 
into every hole, .so the family were obliged to lock up every 
thing, even the closets where they kept their clothing. If a hen 
cackled when an egg was laid, Mr. Bear understood it; and if he 
was not prevented, he would very soon find it and suck it before 
the cackling fowl had ceased her song. 

One Sunday the family went to church, and left the bear 
alone at home. Bruin improved the opportunity, and rum- 
maged all over the house in search of fun or something to eat. 
Unfortunately, the good housewife had left the cellar door un- 
locked and ajar; and it was not long before the bear discovered 
it and crept down the stairs. Once down in the cellar, he espied 
the molasses barrel; and if there was any thing in the house he 
was excessively fond of, it was molasses or honey. Bruin pawed 
over the barrel, licked the tightly driven bung, and was about 
abandoning it in despair when he espied the spile. Grasping 
it with his strong teeth, he easily withdrew it, and out came the 
molasses in a stream, to the great delight of the bear, who 
clapped his mouth to the hole with grunts of self-satisfaction. 

The molasses still flowed, and still the bear kept his mouth to 
the orifice, pausing now and then to take a long breath. At 
length he was full; his stomach could hold no more; yet his ap- 
petite was not satisfied. He squatted on his haunches and 
viewed the still running stream with disgust, to think that the 
supply was so abundant, and that, alas! he could bold no more! 
The molasses had now run out in a large quantity, and had formed 
a great pool on the floor; but Bruin dived into it, and rolled him- 
self a thoufand times in the thick fluid, until his shaggy coat 
from his nose to his tail, was covered with molasses, dirt, and 
gravel stones! There he caroused in the sweet pool, as cats 
roll and tumble in a field of the catnip herb. All at once Mr. 
Bear became sick at the stomach! And it was a new sensation 
to him — something he had never felt before. As he grew worse, 
he thought of his master and mistress, and so crept upstairs to 
ask for their consolation; but they had not returned from 
church. Then he crawled up another story, and got into the 
girls' bed, drawing the snowy white sheets over his besmeared 
form. There he lay grunting and groaning, the sickest bear 
ever seen in that part of the country. 

When the girls arrived they were horrified at the scene, and 
were gomg to lay the broomstick over Bruin, when he started 
on a run for the haymow with the sheets sticking to his back. 
It was some time before the bear got well, and still longer 
before his mistress forgave him. 



Day b.v day the little daisy 

liOoks up with its yellow e3'e; 
Never murmurs, never wishes 

It were hanging up on high. 
And the air is just us pleasant, 

And as bright the sunny sky, 
To the daisy by the footpath 

As to flowers that bloom on high. 



TiTE aim of an honest man's life is not the happiness which 
serves only himself but the virtue which is useful to others. 



iS 



k^ 






^!i?a'.iMgflinr.^a 



76 



a-Tj'V":E:isriLE] i:tTST3?^TJOToi^. 







^fu S^u^tttiU §n^itmfn. 



w 



GEOKGE Q. CAJPiTfO-X, : DEOITOXl. 

SATURDAY, MAY 8, 1869. 



H0|jiiji.|il|tt. 






a?i3:E 




RGANIZING tlie police and giving tliem 
instructions as to their course, especially 
kHAyl Joseph's allusions to Brutus and his state- 
i^=??i?y ment that "we have a 'Judas in our 
midst," came to the ears of William Law, 
who was one of Joseph's counselors. He 
told Joseph's brother Ilj-rum that the po- 
lice liad been sworn by Joseph secretly 
to put him out of the way within three 
months. In consequence of this a special 
City Council was called, at which AA''m. Law was 
present. He stated under oath that he had 
been informed that some of the policemen had 
had another oath administered to them besides 
the one which they took publicly. One of them 
had said there was a Judas in Joseph's cabinet — 
one who stood next to him and he must be taiien 
care of and not allowed to go into the world; he 
was not only a traitor liiie Judas, but an assassin 
like Brutus. 

In the last number we gave you the extract from Joseph's 
remarks where he spoke of Brutus and Judas, so that you 
might know what Joseph did say. You can see how utterly 
false was the statement which William Law said he had heard 
of those remarks. By referring to them you will notice that 
Law's name was not mentioned by Joseph. 

After William Law had made his statement, Joseph told 
why he made the remarks he did. 0. Porter Rockwell had 
brought the intelligence that his enemies were determined to 
'get him into their power and take his life, hoping thereby to 
accomplish the overthrow of the work. That they might do 
this they had secured the services of some of his most confi- 
dential friends, whom he did not suspect, to deliver him into 
their hands. They did not design to try him, but hang him, 
or take his life anyhow. If they could not get him into their 
power without, they had a man in Nauvoo ^YhQ would fix him 
out 

The whole day was spent in examining witnesses and investi- 
gating the subject, William Law cross-examined the witnesses 
until he appeared satisfied. The result showed that his fears 
were imaginarj'; and, before leaving, he shook hands with 
Joseph and declared he did not believe a word of the story, but 
that he would stand by Joseph to the death, and called the 
whole Council and the police to witness his declaration. 

But this matter did not end here. Joseph's statement 
about having a "right-hand Brutus" caused a general flutter 
among prominent men who were weak in the faith or were 
plotting in secret against him. WiUiam Marks, the president 
of the Stake of Nauvoo, was the next to become alarmed; but 



he was not alone, William Law's fears had returned, and he was 
afraid, or pretended to be, of his life. 

A man by the name of Leonard Saby, who afterwards 
became an apostate, had told Marks that his life was threatened. 

It was in the winter and the weather was severely cold. 
Some person had built a fire on the bank of the river nearly 
opposite V\ m. Mark's house. No sooner did he see the fire 
than he became frightened, and concluded he must be the 
Brutus to whom Joseph had referredl Tortured by these fears 
he ky awake all night. His fertile imagination suggested to 
him that there wgis an object in building the fire at that place, 
and that object must be to give the police light so that they 
could see to kill him! In the morning he ca'led on Joseph, 
reported the circumstances, expressed his fears and requested 
that another session of the City Council be called. The Coun- 
cil came together on January 5th, 1844, only two days after 
they had met before and Vv'illiam Law had declared that he 
did not believe anything injurious against Joseph and that he 
would stand by him to the death! 

The Dolioemen were sworn, and all the witnesses that could 
be obtained were cross examined, and with the same result as 
before. There was not the least ground for the alarm of these 
men. Their panic did not have its origin in the acts of the 
police; but in the corruption and hypocrisy of their own hearts. 
Every man who was at these Councils and had the Spirit of the 
Lord, could see that these men had lost that Spirit and were 
in the dark. They were filled with fear, even to distrust the 
prophet and servant of God, and their best and nearest friends. 
Brother George A. Smith, who was then a member of the 
Council in the capacity of Alderman, expressed the feeling 
that every Latter day Saint who was present thought that Law 
and Marks should have had. He said: 

"lie could sleep with a fire near his house, if there were 
some of the police warming themselves by it, and he believed 
any honest man could do the same." 

Joseph, in commenting, in his history, upon the course of 

Law and Marks, says: 

"What can be the matter with these men? Is it that the 
wicked tlee vvueu no man pursueth, that hit pigeons always 
flutter, tliat drovvuiug men catch atstiaws, or that Presidents 
Law and Marks are absolutely traitors to the Church, that my 
remarks shouid produce such au excitement in their minds? 
Can it be possible that the traitor whom Porter Rockwell 
reports to me as being iu correspondence with my iSlissouri 
enemies, is one of my own Ciuorum? The people iu the town 
were astonished. 'Is it possible that Brother Law or Brother 
Marks is a traitor, and would deliver Brother Joseph into the 
hands of his enemies iu Missouri?' If not, what can be the 
meaning of all this? 'The righteous are as bold as a lion.' " 

Before the Council adjourned Wilson Law, a brother of Wil- 
liam Law, and filled with the same spirit as his brother, said: 

"I am Joseph's friend: he has no better friend in the world: 
I am ready to lay down my life for him." 

At that time his heart was full of the spirit of posta^ay and 
he was in league with Joseph's enemies, and ready to aid them 
in their schemes. This Wilson Law, like his brother William, 
had, through his transgressions, became a very wicked, corrupt 
man, totally destitute of the love and spirit of the gospel, and 
ready for any dark deed that would bring Joseph and the peo- 
ple into trouble. 

[To he Continued.) 



It has been related of a Polish prince that he carried in his 
bosom the picture of his father, which he often looked upon, 
saying to himself: "Let mc do nothing unworthy so excellent 
a father. ' ' 



The justice of God never sleeps. 



*J5^- 




J" T7 ^ E isT I Hj Ei in^sa?i^-croTOi^, 



77 






aye orr jtTT 



jFor </ie Juvenile Instructor. 

Xj E B J^ 3sr O 3^ . 



-^ 



TltTE will now, once more, re-commence our jourey up the 
VV Jordan. Wo left the sacred river as it passes through 
the Sea of Galilee, for a flying visit to Bethlehem and Bashan; 
but now, if we pursue our journey northwards, we shall soon 
reach the boundary of the Holy Land and find ourselves in the 
midst of the mountains of Lebanon. 

A few miles to the north of the Sea of Galilee, the Jordan 
passes through the waters of Mermon, on the banks of which 
Joshua gained a victory over the inhabitants of the land. A 
short distance fuither northward we pass Dan, the most north- 
erly city of Palestine, a place often mentioned by the Hebrews 
in connection with Beersheba, as expressive of the whole length 
of their country. Just as a citizen of the United States in 
times past would say "from Maine to Texas," or as he will 
probably say in the future, "from Alaska to Florida," so the 
ancient Israelites used to say "from Dan to Beersheba." We 
are now in the midst of the mountains of Lebanon, the para- 
dise of the Hebrew poets, the snow clad bights of which, always 
in the sight of the toilers 
in Palestine, were, to 
them, ever present types 
ol the power, the glory 
and the mercy of God. 
From every hill top in 
Central Palestine, from 
the depths of the Jordan 
valley, fiom the lofty 
table lands of Moab and 
Bashan, the parched 
traveler, or weary laborer, 
could see far away in the 
northern horizon the pale 
blue peaks of Lebanon, 
or the glittering crest of 
Heraon. And as the 
cooling breezes fiom the 
north, bearing tl.e fresh- 
ness of the "dews of 
Hermon" and the sweet 
"smell of Lebanon," 

fanned his fevered brow ->*— -"^:-."v*kW- 

and moistened his parched lips, his mind stretched oiit and 
his soul longed for rest and shade amid their primeval forests, 
where the cedar, the pine and the evergreen oak reared their 
heads in strength and beauty; and where, in deep dells, the 
sweet thyme, orange blossom, damask rose, honeysuckle and 
myrtle filled the air with their rich perfumes by the streams of 
ice cold water. Can we deem it strange, ther, that prophets 
spoke and poets wrote of the "glory of Lebanon? ' 

The name of Lebanon, in the Scriptures, is applied to two 
distinct ranges of mountains, that run in parallel lines on 
opposite sides of the valley of Crele-Syria. These same moun- 
tains continue southward, though much less elevated, through 
tie land of the Israelites; one on the east and the other on the 
west side of the river Jordan. The westeru range is the Leba- 
non proper; the eastern range is generally known as Anti 
Lebanus. Anti meaning "over against," or opposite to. To 
this last range belong mounts Hermon, Pisgah and Hor, and 
the mountains of Moab. 

The range of Lebanon itself rises from the green meadows 
of the plain of Ecdraelon, and becomes the wooded hills of 
Galilee, gradually swelling into the picturesque mountains of 
Naphtali, and at last towering into the majc!-tic ridge of Leba- 
non, eleven thousand feet above the level of the sea. 




The range of Lebanon is about one hundred miles long, 
running side by side with the shores of the Mediterranean Sea, 
but not always at the same distance from its waters. Here 
and there the rugged roots of the mountains stretch far into 
the sea, and in other places leave "a strip of plain bordered 
by a pebbly strand." This plain is now alnirst without inhabi- 
tants, but of old it was not so; powerful cities and a mighty 
people filled this small stretch of country, whose ships sailed 
on every sea then known, and whose traders visited every port. 
This is the Ancient Phoenicia, the great maritime nation of 
the earth's early days; and within its borders stood Tyre and 
Sidon, the great commercial centres of that age. "The eastern 
declivities of Lebanon are steep and rugged; but the western 
are long and gradually furrowed from top to bottom with wild 
ravines, and broken everywhere by white cliffs and rugged 
banks, and tens of thousands of terraces, which rise like stairs 
from the sea to the snow wreaths. The .e western declivities 
are the 'roots of Lebanon,' massive, broad and far-reaching. 
One can see as ho wanders over them how graphic and express- 
ive was the language of Hosea, 'I will be as the dew unto 
Israel, he shall grow as the hly, and strike forth his roots as 

— Lebanon.'" 

"The population of 
Lebanon is generally es- 
timated at 4UO,000 souls, 
residing in more than GOD 
towns, villages and ham- 
lets. The inhabitants are 
designated according to 
their religious faiths, and 
are known as Moslems, 
Jews, Greeks, latins, 
Armenians, BJarcnite-, 
and Druzes. Though 
the Mohammedans are 
in t ower, they are not 
the ruling class in these 
mountain regions. The 
Maronites and Druzes 
form the chief part of 
the population, and are 
the hereditary and invet- 
erate foes of each other. 
The former occupy chief- 
ly Lebanon, and number about 200,000. They have 82 con- 
vents, in which are 2000 monks and nuns, who have a revenue 
of $350,000 per annum. Though brave, independent and in- 
dustrious, the Maronites are illiterate and superstitious, and 
are subject to the dictation of their clergy in all mattei-s of v&- 
ligion and politics. 

"The Druzes occupy the southern half of Lebanon, extending 
over to jMount Hermon, and out into the Hauran. They are 
the descendants of Arabs, who came from the eastern confines 
of Syria about 900 years ago, and now number 100,000. Pro- 
fessedly religious, they are, nevertheless, a political body, and 
aim at the conquest of Syria. They are thoroughly organized. 
Their whole country is divided into districts. In each district-r 
a weekly council is held, and, by means of delegates, constant 
communication is maintained between the different branches of 
their community. In peace, the Druzes are industrious and 
hospitable; in war, daring and ferocious. In their mountain 
homes they are readily distinguished from all other sects by 
their trim beards, and their neatly -folded turbans of spotlcsil 
white." 

Our engraving to-day represents IMount Lebanon; in our 
next wo hope to give a view of its fir-famed cedars, and tell 
you some little about these trees and their history. G. R. 



1^ 




60)^, ■ 7S 



J- TJ -V E IsT I L E IITSTIS/TJCTOI^ 



lP 



p3'V 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



%\mmlt% ol Contmoit iil^ittijs* 



EXjE^yniEJisrTS 



CONTINUED. 



ALTHOUGH there are upwards of sixty elementary sub- 
stances, they need not all be mentioned here, as a large 
number of them will not claim our attention at present. Those 
only will be named that may be necessary to enable the student 
to comprehend the nature and composition of a vast quantity 
of bodies, of which no correct conception can be formed with- 
out a knowledge of their constituents. And they will be 
named in that order which will give a general idea of their 
importance in natural operations, either by reason of their 
abundance or utility. Of non-metallic elements: first, oxygen, 
second, hydrogen; third, nitrogen; fourth, carbon; fifth, chlo- 
rine; sixth, sulphur; seventh, phosphorous; eighth, silicon; 
ninth, fluorine. Of metallic elements: first, calcium; second, 
magnesium; third, potassium, fourth sodium; fifth, iron; sixthi 
aluminium; seventh, gold; eighth, silver; ninth, copper; tenth, 
tin; eleventh, lead; twelfth, zinc; thirteenth, mercury. With- 
out the first four elements neither animal, vegetable nor 
mineral existence, as at present constituted, would be found 
upon the earth. Vegetation is dependent for its being upon 
the presence of carbon in the atmosphere; animal life, as was 
stated, owes its existence to the presence of nitrogen. With- 
out aluminium (the base of clay), and silicon (the base of silica, 
or flint), the rocks of the earth would have no existence in 
their present form; without oxj-gen the metals could not exist 
in any other than the metallic state; without hydrogen no water 
could exist upon this planet. Even man, the masterpiece of 
creati )n, depends for his existence upon the presence of a few 
elements: viz., the nine non-metallic elements, oxj-gon, hydro- 
gen, nitrogen, carbon, chlorine, sulphur, phosphorous, silicon 
and fluirine;and the first five metallic elements, calcium (lime), 
magnesium (magnesia), potassium (potash), sodium (soda, as 
in common salt) and iron. 

Let us glance for a moment at the eartli, and see its principal 
component parts. Oxygen forms one fifth of the^ volume of 
the atmosphere; onc-tldrd by measure of the water; that is, of 
the gases of which water is composed. Think of the mighty 
ocean, all the lakes and rivers, the blood circulating through 
the Veins of hundreds of millions of human beings, to say 
nothing of all other animal and vegetable beings, which are 
principally composed of water. Then, again, the immense 
reservoirs of water locked up in the springs beneath the earth; 
the waters of crystalization, which form a large part of even 
the hardest rocks, the immense quantities of aqueous vapor 
floating in the atmosphere, all dependent for existence upon 
oxj-gen, which forms such a large proportion. Then remember 
that it is stated that "silica forms nearly half the entire mineral 
ciust of the earth;" more than half that .silica being oxygen; 
making oxygen one-fourth part of the solid jiart of the earth^ 
as well as so abundant in the liquid and gaseous parts. 
Even this does not give us a full conception of the impor- 
tance of oxygen, as regards quantiiy. Then, when we take 
the hydrogen into consideration, we find that the bulk of 
the earth is composed of gases; to which, also, may be 
added, nitrogen, a gaseous body also, forming four-fifths of the 
air by which the earth is surrounded. Add to these gases the 
carbon, silica and calcium, which enter into the composition of 



things and we have the bulk of the earth, all but a few metals, 
which we shall enumei'ate when necessary, the most important 
of which is iron. 

Now, if we would like to know how to demonstrate the 
existence of these things, and to understand their philosophy, 
chemistry will inform us. We may also learn how to imitate 
the operations of nature ourselves, if we please; or, at the 
least, to comprehend the manipulations of others. Although 
we may not be able take a piece of the rough limestone from 
our northern mountains and convert it into the curious metal, 
calcium, or a piece of common clay, and convert it into the 
beautiful metal, aluminium, we may understand how it is done 
by others. If we cannot take the crude suljihur, found in 
abundance in this Territory, and make it into sulphuric acid, 
as Brother Pyper has done, we may learn how this is accom- 
plished, the uses of the acid, how neces^^ary it is to our 
progress in the arts and to our prosperity as a people. So of 
other manufactures; we may know their nature, history and 
application. We may learn, dear children, if we will, how to 
become amateur chemists. With this object in view, we shall 
begin to enquire what the elements are, in our next, beginning 
with oxygen. Beth. 

{_To he Continued.) 



aTAA^ElSTT^" "Z-E-^-RS .A.C3-0. 



A TRIP TO CALIFORNIA. 



CHAPTER X. 



WE moved to the spring that afternoon. The nest day Gen. 
Rich and three of our company started for the mountains, 
with the intention of taking a view from them of the country 
westward. The day wore away, and, as night approached, we 
looked eagerly for their return; but it was long after nightfall 
before they reached our camp. In the descent of the moun- 
tain they had heard holloaing, which the men wanted to reply 
to, thinking that it must be some of our company searching 
for them; but Brother Rich checked them , and it was well he 
did so. They were Indians. Shortly afterwards they saw a 
fire, and when they got within a few feet of it, there sat an In- 
dian. It was so dark he could not see them. 

This view from the mountain satisfied Brother Rich that this 
was not the route for us to travel. He came back to camp 
with his mind fully made up to strike for the Spanish Trail. 
The country westward was high and sterile, with, to all appear- 
ance, but little grass. After hearing the description of the 
country and Brother Rich's feelings, our company were unani- 
mous in their decision to turn in the direction of the Spanish 
Trail. The next morning Captain Smith came over to our 
camp to learn from General Rich what he had seen and his 
opinion about the route. When he learned our determination 
it did not shake him in the least. He swore by the gods he 
would go straight ahead, it he died in tho attempt. Said he; 
"if you do not hear from me, you may know that I died with 
my face westward, and not befo.e I have eaten some mula 
meat." 

These were brave words, and were designed to draw a con- 
trast between, what he thought was, our lack of perseverance 
and courage, and the pluck, energy and unyielding resolution 
which he and his men possessed. They had, however, but lit- 
tle effect upon us. To our minds it was no evidence of bravery 
in a man to plunge himself into the midst of difficulties, to 
expose his life unnecessarily, or to brave starvation and dangers 
when they could be honorably avoided. It was with no dispo- 
sition to flinch, or to back out that we came to the conclusion 



J" TJ ^ E IDT I Hj E insrSTI^TJOTOI^ 



IG^ 



to no longer pursue this route; but prudence and wisdom alike 
forbade our persistanoe in that direction. 

We called this spot "Division Spring;" for here we separated. 
With the exception of one or two, all the men not belonging to 
the Church, who had joined our company, left us and went with 
Captain Smith. Some two or three of his men, who had be- 
come members of the Church, at Salt Lake City, left him and 
joined us. We parted with the best of teelings, each one be- 
lieving his way to be the best. As it will be interesting to my 
readers to know what became of Captain Smith and his com- 
pany, I will here relate what I afterwards learned respecting 
them. The morning we separated they pursued their way west- 
ward, and after traveling that day and part of the nest without 
finding water, they became alarmed, and concluded to return 
to "Division Spring." They reached there in a very exhausted 
condition, and some of them would likely have perished before 
arriving there, had they not killed a mare and drank its blood! 
By this time Smith had either forgotten his oath, or thought 
dying with his face westward was not so pleasant as he had 
imagined it would be; for he and some of his men decided upon 
taking the back track. 

The route over which they and we had traveled in company, 
bad as it was, they preferred rather than encounter the horrors 
of the unknown wilds west of "Division Spring." They might 
have followed us, but their pride revolted at this. They never 
stopped going eastward until they met a company of our peo- 
ple — I think it was Major Howard Egan and party— who were 
on their way to California. This was after they had got inside 
of the Rim of the Basin. They furnished Smith and his men 
provisions and carried them through to California, where they 
arrived some time after we had been there. 

When Captain Smith and his company reached "Division 
Spring" on their return from the desert, some of the men who 
had been following up our trail, determined they would not go 
East. So eleven of them, including some members of Smith's 
company, resolved to form a company of their own. Their 
destination was California, and in that direction they were de- 
termined to travel at all hazards They packed up all the pro- 
visions they had, which was not much, and a little bedding, 
and their guns and ammunition, and left every thing else and 
started out to the westward on foot. As you can readily im- 
agine they suffered terribly. Had they known the country 
their sufferings would have been comparatively light; but they 
had to trust to chance to find water. Their food soon failed 
and they were reduced to the verge of starvation. They were 
as far from all human succor as if they had been in the midst 
of the ocean. On every hand desolation reigned supreme, and 
their only hope consisted in pushing on. When they reached 
the vicinity of Owens Lake they saw the mighty Sierra Nevada 
rearing its towering summits to the skies. It then became a 
question of some importance what course they should take to 
surmount this formidable barrier. If they could only succeed 
in finding an easy passage over it, and their strength did not 
entirely fail, they might hope to live. But at this point they 
could not agree upon the route to take. 

Nine went in one direction and two in another. The nine 
never reached the settlements. No tidings of their fate ever 
came to white men's ears, that I hue heard of How they 
perished, whether by starvation, by Lidians, or to what horrible 
extremities they were reduced, we can only imagine. 'Jhe two 
succeeded in crossing the Sierra Nevada mountains and reached 
the settlements in California. When they neared the moun- 
tains they were so fortunate as to find some acorns which the 
Indians had cached for winter use. This discovery probably 
saved their lives. During that winter I met with one of the^e 
men in the Mariposa mines, and from his own lips learned the 
story of their dreadful sufferings. While I listened to him, and 



thought how narrowly I had escaped a similar fate, I felt thank- 
ful to God for His kindness in placing me in circumstances 
where I could be led by the priesthood; for to the presence of 
Bro. Rich in our company I attributed our deliverance from 
severe privations and hardships and probably a horrible death 
in the desert. 

Following in the trail of these eleven came parties from the 
company which had broken off from Captain Hunt. I cannot 
write all the particulars of their fate; but they pushed on west, 
determined that kanyons and deserts should not stop them. 
Before them to the westward lay California, the land of gold, 
the El Dorado which they sought, and they were resolvea to 
overcome every obstacle to tread its golden sands, hoping, in 
the wealth which they should gather there, to obtain a reward 
for all their sufferings and toils. Whether they met Smith 
and his party or not as they returned I do not know; but they 
came to Division Spring and still pressed on. 

There is a valley away to the westward of Division Spring 
which bears to this day the name of Death Valley. It is said 
to be wholly destitute of water, and though it is some fifty 
miles long by thirty in breadth, save at two points, it is wholly 
encircled with mountains, up whose steep sides it is impossible 
for any but expert climbers to ascend. I can scarcely believe 
all that is told about this valley, for it is said that no vegetation 
grows in it, and that shadow of bird or wild beast never dark- 
ened its white, glaring surface. But whether this description 
of it be true or not, there is no doubt about it being a very 
horrible place. This valley, many of these people who fol- 
lowed our trail reached, lured into its treacherous bosom by the 
hope of finding water. They reached the centre; but the glar- 
ing desert and^the dry, barren peaks met their gaze on every 
hand. Around the valley they wandered, and the children, 
crying for water, perished at their mothers' breasts. The 
mothers soon followed, and the men, with swollen tongues, 
tottered and raved and died. After wandering some time, it is 
said, the survivors found water in the hollow of a rock in the 
mountains, and a few finally succeeded in getting through. I 
have heard it stated that eighty-seven persons, with numbers 
of animals, perished in this fearful place, and since then it has 
been called Deatu Valley. 

{To be Continued.) 



THE STOK.'^Z- 0]P 

Selected from Jacob Abbott's Writings. 

[CONTINUED.] 



ARNOLD and Andre continued their consultation at Smith's 
house during the forenoon, and at noon they had arranged 
all their plans. Then Arnold went away up the river to West 
Point, to complete his preparations there for surrendering the 
post, and left Andre in Smith's care, to be taken back down the 
river that night. But, when night came. Smith said they could 
not go down in a boat; it was too far. Andre urged him very 
earne.-tly to go, but he refused. He said, however, that he 
would take him across the river by King's Ferry, and go down 
with him by land, on the eastern side, till they got opposite to 
the Vulture, and that then he could easily get on board. 

This plan was carried into effect. 

Andre met vi'ith a great variety of adventures on his way, but 
he succeeded in getting down the river almost to Tarrytown; 
and there he was stopped by some men who were watching the 
road. He thought that they were on the British side, for he 
was now near the British lines so he very inadvertently told 
them that he was a British officer, and they must let him pass. 






so 



J" U "V El ISr I L E in^STI^TJCTOIEe/ 




The}' imiuediatelj' seized him, and searched him. 1'hcy found 
papers in his boot, that Arnold had given him, which exposed 
the whole plot. They immediately sent him a prisoner to the 
American camp. 

Arnold heard that his plot was discovered, while he was at 
breakfast with two other generals that had unexpectedly come 
that morning. He learned the news in a letter that was sent 
him. He ran into his wife's room, and with a face of constern- 
ation and despair told her that he must fly for his life, and per- 
liaps she would never see him again. His wife was so terrified 
that she fainted. He could not, however, stop to aid her, but 
kissed his little child, who was then sleeping in the room, and 
rushed out of the house. He hurried down to a little lauding 
that Robinson had near his house, and, jumping into a boat 
there, he rowed off as fast as he could down the river, and 
finally succeeded in reaching the Vulture in safety. 

The British government rewarded him very generous'y for his 
intended treason, though it did not succeed. They voted him 
about fiftj' thousand dollars in mouej', and made him an officer 
in their army; and he afterward fought against the Americans 
with great fury until peace was made. 

But the British, though they paid him for his treason, de- 
spised him tor being guilty of it. The oflicers of the army 
shunned him, and were unwilling to serve with him, or to keep 
him company in any way. At length he died, and his memory 
is held in universal execration by all mankind. 

Poor Andre was hung as a spy. Every body sympathized 
with him, and wished to save him, but, in spite of every effort, 
hi fell a sacrifice to the merciless rules of war. 

The war of the American Revolution continued more than 
nine years. It began in the spring of 1775, and ended iu the 
fall of 1782. 

The event which i)roduced the most decided effect in finally 
1 jading the English government to give up the contest, and to 
acknowledge the independence of the American States, was 
the capture of a large British army in 1781 by the combined 
forces of the Americans and their allies, the French. The Eng- 
lish general who commanded the army was Lord Cornwallis. 
The Americans and the French gradually surrounded Cornwal- 
lis, and shut him up closely in a place called Yorktown, in Vir- 
ginia, and, after a time, compelled him to surrender. The 
event is consequently called in history the surrender of Corn- 
wallis. The circumstances of the case were these: 

Lord Cornwallis had been engaged in conducting a campaign 
in North Carolina, and during the summer he had been quite 
suceesslul. Near the beginning of iSeptember he marched 
northward, and entered Virginia, conquering as he came. 

Washington was at this time on the Hudson River, forming 
plans for attacking Sir Henry Clinton in New York. Clin- 
ton was closely shut up in the city, and was apprehensive of an 
attack from Washington. He wasgcneral-in-ohief of the Brit- 
ish armies in America. Cornwallis was under his comm and . 
Accordingly, when he lieard that Cornwallis had come into 
Virginia, he wrote to him immediately to put a large number 
of his troops on board some vessels, and send them round to 
New Y^ork by sea, for a re-enforcement to New Y'^ork, in ordej- 
to defend that city from Washington. 

Cornwallis had got his men on board the ships, and they were 
about ready to sail, when suddenly another letter came, coun- 
termanding the order. Clinton iiili)rmed Cornwallis that he had 
received a large re-enforcement from England and Germiiiy — 
for the English government had adopted the jilau of employing 
soldiers from Germany to fight for them in this war — and that 
it was not nf)w necessary to send the re-enforcement. Clinton 
further said that lie wL-jhed Cornwallis to select some strong 
position in Virginia, and fortify himself in it as securely as 
[lossible, so that it might form a central point from which to 



make incursions into the surrounding country in the course of 
the ensuing fall and winter. So Cornrfallis landed Ms men 
again, and prepared to carry these orders into effect. 

After ex.imining several places, he finally made choice of the 
village of Y'orktown for his camp. This was a village on the 
south side of the York River, which is one of the rivers that 
flow from the westward into the southern part of Chesapeake 
Bay. The land is generally level in all this part of Virginia, 
and but little raised above the surface of the rivers. The sit- 
uation of Y^orktown, was, however, somewhat higher; and it 
was so defended by the river on one side, and by small streams 
and ravines on the other sides, that it was very easily fortified. 
Cornwallis threw upintrcnohments, consisting of banks of earth, 
along all the unguarded points around the village, and planted 
cannon behind them, so as to command every approach. The 
remains of some of these intrenchments are seen very distinctly 
on the ground to the present day. 

In this camp Cornwallis established himself with his army, 
which consisted of about seven thousand men, and began to 
form plans for making incursions into the surrounding country. 
He was obliged 'to be somewhat wary in liis movements, for 
General Greene, an x\meric»n commander, had an arniy in the 
vicinity,' which, though not so large as that of Cornwallis, was 
still somewhat formidable. There was also a considerable 
French force near, under the command of General La Fayette. 
Cornwallis, hDwever, hoped very soon to receive such an acces- 
sion to his force that he should bo able to accomplish any thing 
he might desire. There was an English fleet in the West In- 
dies which was now expected in the Chesapeake. As soon as that 
fleet should arrive, he would become at once, he thought, com- 
plete master of the countr}'. So he remained (juiet in l''ork- 
town, keeping a good look-out all the time down the river and 
bay for the arrival of the ships. 

l.2'o bo Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

c :e5: .A. Ti. J^ ID :e . 



BY WM. J. POLL. 



I am compesed of 10 letters. 

My 2, 5, 0, 10, is «ood to eat. 

Jly 5, 8, 9, 7, is the name of an actress. 

My 1,2,5, 0, 7, was a rebel general. 

Bly 0, 5, 8, 8, 10, 2, is what most people enjoy. 

My 0, 3, 4, 7, is a bird. 

My whole is a city in Utah. 



Persevere. Never give up a thing until you have tried it 
in every possible way. 



j-TJ^rE]isriL:E] untste^xjotok. 

lb ijublislucl ill Suit I,:ikc City, Utah Territory 
KVJOU-Y OTHER SATURDAY. 



GEORGE 0. CA NWOM, ED JTOR & PUBLISHER. 

tS'iiifflc Copy, per A nnum i--^ f* 

Siiifflc Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

DfS- It is nxpnoti-rl where ngonts forwnrd nnmcs they will bo responsible 
for tlie n,iiHT8 thus or.lrre.l; iuul when CmsI. payments are inarte, they will 
Xis'VirvirVtl.ri,. Willi llie letter euntaini^^ 

«^ Eliiei- Wm. II. Shearman, I.oaan, will net as General Ayent for 

! ^'!.^^Grai'i7hi'0ii-ht to this Tity for the .Ti.vKNn.i; IxsTnurroR will bo 
; received at the- office of our p;-.pei— DiiSK.,KT ^EWS IJUILOINGS. 



