obCd^.hvc.^^^ ciMt- 




" BUT WITH ALL, THY GETTING P» 
GET UNDEKSTANDING.'' ^ .. 




THERE IS NO EXCELLEXCB 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, AUGUST 1. 18G7. 



NO. 15. 



THE IF'K.OIP'EIET AATECO IFLEID ZPK.Ol^ TSIE ILiOIEbJD. 



IN the days of Jero^onm king of Israel there lived a prophet 
named Jonah. This was about eight hundi-cd and flfty 
years before the coming of the Savior. At this time the Assyr- 
ian empire was the grjat ruling power on the earth. Its 
capital — Nineveh — was a city of great renown and so large that 
the Bible says it "was an exceeding great city of three days 
journey." It was crowded with immense temples and magnifi- 
cent palaces, and was filled with the treasures of the earth. 
But its people were wicked; they were proud of their strength; 
they rejoiced in their 

power and riches; they _ _^ _ — 

gloried in their con- 
quests over their neigh- 
bors, and delighted in 
their cruelty to their 
captives; added to this 
they <lid not serve the 
true God, but worship- 
ped idols, some of 
which were of immense 
size, shaped like lions 
with men's heads, or 
men with eagle's heads 
and wings. Many of 
these have been dug 
out of the ground of 
late years, and can be 
seen in the museums of 
the nations of the old 
world. 

It came to pass that 
the word of the Lord 
came to Jonah to go to 
Nineveh, and proclaim 

in its midst that in forty days it should be destroyed. But 
Jouah was afraid. He was well aware of the power of the 
monarch of that mighty kingdom, and feared to take such an 
unweleome message, lest he should be t<_>rtured to death. So 
he ran away to Joppa. Tiiere he took shij) for Tar.shish; paid 
hLs pas.sage and set sail. IIow fooli.sh ibr him to thus try to 
escape from God., as though he could gut bej'ond the power of 
his Maker, and flee to where God could not reach him! But, 
like all who run away from their nii.'^sions, he found it would 
have been much better to have trusted in the Lord, and to have 
left the consequences with IJim. 

Jonah had not been long on board when a .'itorin arose. The 
shij* could not be controlled by tiie captain and sailors; but went 
where the wind and waves carried it. The passengers and crew 



commenced to pray to their gods, one crying to one image to 
deliver them, another imploring some other idol to calm the 
waters and save them from the storm. But it was of no use. 
The fury of the storm increased. The wind blew fiercer, the 
waves rose higher. All hope seemed to be lost. In the midst 
of this tumult the captain found the runaway prophet, down 
below, sleeping as quietly as though all was calm and pleasant 
without, and all peace within. He was quickly awakened, and 
besought to call on his god — whoever he might be — as all the 




others liad .faj!(>d to help and deliver them in the hour of their 
trouble and distress. 

This may seem a strange request to some of the little readers 
of this paper. But it is easily explained. In those days men 
had the, strange belief that different gods ruled in ditferent 
nations, just as diifcrcnt bishops i)reside in the various wards 
in this territory. They believed one god (or set of gods) ruled 
in Egyi)t, another controlled Persia, a third governed in Ca- 
naan, .and so on. And that outside their own dominions they 
had no power, nor did thoy iircrfere with each other's affairs. 
Now the appeals to their various gods having I'ailed, thoy 
imagined that Jonah's deity might have some i)ower in those 
parts. Wo are not told whether he did pray or not; but we do 
not think he could have had much I'aith, as he well knew he was 



^^^! 



6^^ 114: 



cr TJ ^ E I^T I L El i:n"sti^tjgtois, 



f 



doing wrong. They next cast lots, to find out who was the 
cause of the storm. The lot fell on Jonah. They immediately 
began to ask him "What is thine occupation? and whence 
comost tliou? what is thy countrj'? and of what people art 
thou?" with a great many other questions as to his being the 
cause of their misfortunes. Jonah replied, "I am an Hebrew, 
and I fear the Lord God of heaven, which hath made the sea 
and the dry land." He confessed to them his folly, and desired 
them to throw him overboard, that they might proceed on their 
voyage in safety. It was sometime bctbre they could be per- 
suaded to do this; but, as the storm continued to increase every 
minute, they at last took him up and threw him into the raging 
sea, which at once became calm, and the ship sped on its way in 
safety. 

The Lord who bad thus followed Jonah, had no intention to 
let him be drowned. He bad sent him with a message, and He 
was determined he should deliver it to the Xinevehites. So 
the Lord prepared a great fish, which swallowed Jonah when 
be was thrown out of the vessel. In this uncomfortable 
position he was a prisoner tliree days, when the fish, becoming 
sick, vomited him up on dry land. 

Jonah did not require any more persuasion to get him to fill 
his mission. He went and cried aloud to the Ninevehites 
"Forty days and Nineveh shall be destroyed." When the 
people heard this warning, instead of killing Jonah, as he had 
feared, they repented of their sins, fasted and jirayed, from the 
king to the least of his subjects. Then the Lord bad compassion 
on them and did not destroy them, which act of mercy, greatly 
annoyed Jonah, who wanted to see his words fulfilled. He 
became angry and murmured against the Lord, who, however, 
condescended to show liim the folly of his anger. The repent- 
ance of those people did not, however, last long. They soon 
returned to their sins. Then swift destruction came upon them, 
and they were bid up from the sight of their fellow men, buried 
beneath the .sands of the desert. Even the place where 
Nineveh stood was unknown, until within the last few years. 
Lately its monuments, its idols, and its sculptures have been 
dug out of their tomb of sand and exhibited to the world. A 
sign for the nations of the earth to heed how surely God fulfils 
His word through bis prophets, and a warning to them not to 
reject the prophets God now sends in their midst. 

Some have fancied that the story of Jonah being swallowed 
by the fi.sh was simply a fable, written to convey a moral. 
Others have sought to throw discredit on it, as being improba- 
ble that a man could live three days in the belly of a fish. But 
"all things are possible with God," and Jesus sets the question 
for ever at rest, to those who believe in His words, by saying, 
"For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's 
belly: so shall the son of man bo three days and three nights in 
the heart of the earth." G. R. 



THE .^ T Iv^ O S 1= H E I^. E . 



THE quantity of rain which tails in a given time is different 
in different countries, and at the different seasons of the 
year. In the warm climate near the Equator, more rain falls 
than in temperate regions, and least of all in the cold climate 
near the polos. If you remember what I said about the heat 
of the air affecting its capacity for moisture, you will know why 
this i.s so. In hot climates the water is warmed by the beat of 
the .sun, and warm water goes into vapor more rapidly than 
when it is cold. The air above it is also heated, and from this 
cause takes up the vapor as rapidly as it is formed. This 
heated air loaded with vapor ri.ses to the upper regions of the 
atmosphere. But the air cools as we ascend, at the rate of 
about one degree for every three hundred feet. As the air is 





thus cooled down it loses its power to hold so much moisture, 
and the surplus is condensed into very small drops, which float 
in the air, and thus the moisture becomes visible; that is, we 
can see it. When this is near the surface of the earth, it is 
called fog, — when high up in the air, it is a cloud. It does 
not always rain when clouds are formed, for they sometimes 
float off into a warmer air, and the little drops are again 
dissolved, and the clouds dissappear. In very diy weather, it 
often happens that the rain-drops, in falling from the clouds 
to the earth, pass through a region of very dry, hot air, and are 
entirely dissolved again, and we fail to get any rain. 

In the hot climates, near the Equator, the wind always blows 
from an easterly direction. These are called the Trade Winds. 
In South America, these trade winds blow over the heated 
surface of the Atlantic Ocean for a distance of three thousand 
miles, and thus become warmed and loaded with moistwre. In 
this condition they travel over the broad plains of the Amazon 
till they reach the Andes mountains, which lie directly across 
their course, and rise to the regions of perpetual snow. The 
hot, moist air, as it climbs up the eastern .side of the mountains, 
is cooled down, and its moisture rapidly condensed into torrents 
of rain, that fall almost constantly in those regions, and thus 
supply the floods of water that make the Amazon the largest 
river in the world. 

But these winds, after they have passed over the Andes, as 
they descend the western side of the mountains, become heated 
again and very dry. This is the reason that it never rains in 
Peru. Look at your geography, if you have forgotten whore 
Peru lies. In California, the wind, during the summer months, 
blows almost constantly from the north and north-west. These 
winds, as they travel south, grow warmer, and instead of 
depositing moisture, are able to hold more than they can get. 
Therefore, they can have no rain in the sunmier season. But 
when the winter approaches, the wind shifts to the south-west, 
and rain sets in, becau.se the air is blowing fiom the warmer 
towards a colder country. The great Utah basin is nearly a 
rainle.ss region, because it lies between high ranges of moun- 
tains, and can scarcely get a breath of air that lias not come 
over snow-capped mountains. 

AVhen moisture is condensed high up in the air, the particles 
of water are frozen as fast as they are formed, and these crystali 
cluster together and form snow-flakes. Catch a snow-flake on 
the surface of something black — now look at it carefully. It is 
one of the prettiest things you ever saw. Snow is formed in the 
higher regions of the air at all seasons of the year and in all 
climates. But in the summer season, and in warm countries, it 
melts before it reaches the earth. — Liltle Sower. 



j^ i<r 



For the Juvenile Tnstfuttor, 



B rigbam, chosen of the Lord, 
11 evclator of His word, 
I nspirat'on from thee flows; 
G ifts the Lord on thee bestows; 
H oly precepts tbou dost teach, 
A nd good doctrines to us jireach. 
M ild, compa.ssionate, to all; 
Y et thou'rt terrible withal; 
0, may wisdom on thee shine, 
U ntil gospel truth divine 
N ullifies the pow'r of sin, 
G uiding the millennium in. 



W. D. W. 



Great is the number of those who might attain to true 
msdom, if they did not already think themselves wise. 




0" TJ ^ E! ISr I 31. E IISrSTI^TJOTOI?. 










w 



l$U^. 



■^ I S I 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

T -V I I I . 






THE LOUD WILL PROVIDE. 

[CONTINUKD.] 

'TJE has again opened communication with his children 

xX upon the earth; and here is an evidence that no honest 
man who desires to do the will of God will reject." Ashe 
Bpoke he drew from his pocket a book about the size of the 
Bible and handed it to papa. 

'"The Booli of Mormon,"' .said papa, reading the title, "I 
have often wished to see this book, for I have read much 
against it. I presume yow are a Mormon?" 

I am a disciple of Jesus Christ. His followers have alwaj's 
been called saints; hence, the apo.stles when writing to the 
churches anciently, commenced their epistles with ''To the saints 
and faithful brethren in Christ,' etc. To di-btinguish us from 
the saints of former days we are called Latter-day Saints. The 
world call us "JMormons," and at home we call those "Mormons" 
who profess to be of us, but who esteem lightly the counsels of 
God through his servants and do not deal justly, to distinguish 
them from those who live but to build up the kingdom of God 
and love to hearken to his counsels and who are Saints indeed." 

And do you believe that God reveals his will unto the people, 
as he did anciently, and that apostles and prophets, inspired by 
the Holy Spiritf- preach the gospel of the Son of God with 
authority as they did in the days of Peter, John, and James," 
asked mamma. 

"Certainly, madam, answered the stranger, "if I did not 
Icnniv that the Lord had established his church upon the earth, 
and had connneneed the gathering of Israel, I should not be 
here to day. It is the privilege of the sons and daughters of 
God to know that the form of doctrine embraced by them is 
true that they might not bo deceived by any false or delusive 
doctrine. Jesus Christ hath said 'he that will do the will of 
the Father shall know of the doctrine.' Faith cometh by 
hearing, and hearing by the word of God, saith the apostle. 
I heard the gospel preached, was informed that God had raised 
up Joseph Smith to usher in the dispensation of the fulness of 
times, and that God reciuired all men to believe in His only 
begotton Sou, Jesus Chi-ist; to repent of their sins, be baptized 
by immersion that they might receive the Holy Ghoft. The 
elder that introduced this to me said, he knew that this was true, 
and that if I would obey the gospel, I should obtain a similar 
knowledge. I believed, I obejed, and I am now a living 
witness to the truth of the divine message. Herein is the 
condemnation of the world, they love darkness rather than 
light; they will not obey the message themselves, and they hate 
and revile those who have the honesty to obey it." 

Papa and mamma were astonished at the stranger, for they 
were not in the habit of hearing such straight-forward testimony, 
and he spoke as one having authority. 

Mary and Ellen were very interested, for they read their 
Bibles every sabbath at Sunday school, and tlieir minds were 
pure and unprejudiced; as it was bed-time the girls retired, 
leaving papa and tlie stranger in conversation. 

"Mamma," .said Mary, on entering the bed room, "I think 
the Lord loves that gentleman." 

"Why, Mary?" asked mamma. 

"Because he travels without jjurse and scrip, and the Lord 
provides." 

"That is true," said mamma, "he leaves his family and travels 



to preach the gospel, relying on the Lord to provide for his 
family at homo and himself on his journey from city to city and 
nation to nation; surely he demonstrates his faith by his works, 
and I feel that God is with him. 

"I am sure he loves children," said Ellen, "for he kis ed us, 
and said, 'God bless you.' Mamma, may I pray for him and 
his little children at home?" said Mary. 

"Certainly, my dear," replied mamma. 

And that night a prayer was uttered from a guileless heart 
unto the Holy "Father of the spirits of all flesh." Blessed 
are they who can understand prayer. Blessed are they who can 
go unto our heavenly Father to make a request with the confi- 
dence and in the purity of a child. 

Little maidens, never neglect your prayers, and try to under- 
stand that you are talking to your heavenly Father, that he 
hears you and will answer you. When you are good little girls, 
and ask papa or mamma for a favor, you feel sure they will 
grant it to you; so when you ask God in your prayers, you 
should feel that it is a good, kind Father you are talking to, 
who delights to bless you, for He loves and watches over you, 
his angels have charge concerning you; should you not love so 
kind a Being and try always to please Him? You know that 
you are always happy when you are good little girls; but you 
cry and are unhappy when you arc naughty; therefore, try, 
little maidens, to be good, and be willing to do what papa or 
mamma wishes you, and you will always be cheerful and happy. 
To be Continued. 



For the Juvenile Jiistricctor. 

i?.E:F3L.EaTionsrs- 

ON VISITING ONE OF UTAH's S.4.BBATH SCHOOLS. 



WHAT a glorious soul inspiring sight! The soul softens 
into melting tenderness on beholding the many happy, 
smiling, and intelligent faces of those who have assembled to 
receive instruction pertaining to the great goodness and eternal 
mercy of Him who suffeied and died by the hands of his merci- 
less enemies, that we, as His children might live; and the heart 
is cheered by close observation of the nature of the different 
in.structions imparted to those wishing to gain wisdom, and attain 
to eminence. So pure and unspotted are the holy influences 
surrounding them, that we felt, on entering the honored 
sanctum, so strongly buoyed up, and highly inspired, that we 
could but acknowledge the presence of a greater and more 
powerful influence than belongs to man. The little child, scarce 
able to utter its native language, is there taught the tnie system 
of gaining influence and supreme power; and its young heart is 
touched with divine feelings, and turned to a true course of daily 
actions, whereby it may gain the undivided afiections of its 
earthly associates, and look forward to a closer communion with 
our Father and God. 

So thrilling are the varied emotions which fill our minds as we 
contemplate a second visit to the Sabbath School room, that wo 
are extremely anxious to welcome the day when we may renew 
the visit. jNIusic, so sweet to our ears, is there discoursed in 
our hymns, and we are led to believe ourselves in some more 
exalted place of as.scniblage, than an earthly habitation. To 
listen to the various hymns sung, and hear the sweet voices of 
the little children a.sccnding to high heaven, is another of the 
great pleasures we enjoyetl. Wo understand that a general 
interest is prevailing throughout our mountainous territory, and 
the different settlements s|)ringing uj) therein, which are so 
rapidly increa,sing in wealth, beauty, and the number of their 
inhabitants, in establishing Sunday Schools in their midst, for 
the advancement, and ]iulilic welfare of the children of tho 
Latter-day Saiirts. We wi.-h tlmse manifesting such an \Mitiriiig 
zc.mI in promoting the general interests of the youth of '/Ami, 
and the young aspirants themselves, unhounded su<'cess; that 
all Israel may ring with the sli(iut.s of the true and faithful in 
heart, tlu-oughout our whole Territory. INLvx. 



'^^^ 





lis 



0" Tj ^ E n^ I L E] in:srsTi^TJCTOE. 




AUGUST 1, 1867. 




CHILD who is disobedient to his parents 
is very apt to grow up to be a disobedi- 
ent man; he will disobey the Lord and not 
render resjiect to His servants. The 
world is full of disobedience. iMany peo- 
ple call it independence. This is a false 
name. Disobedience can never be sancti- 
fied and made honorable in the sight of 
the heavens, or go.od men upon the earth, 
by calling it by such a fine name as inde- 
pendence. A great change has taken place in 
the feelings and practice of the young during the 
last fifty years in the United States. "Young 
America," as the rising generation is called, is 
fast, reckless, and disobedient. Eespect to age, 
liractieed in the early days of the Kepublic, has 
[lost died out. The popular idea among the youth 
both sexes in many parts of the States is, that 
when they reach the years of sixteen, seventeen, or 
eighteen, they are entirely free to do as they jilease. 
They consider that the "old folks," as they disrespectfully call 
their parents, have then no further right to control them. But 
if young people should be very obedient indeed, they may live 
under the control of their parents to some extent if they are 
boys, until they are twenty-one years old, or, if girls, untU they 
are eighteen. Hundreds of boys look forward with great 
desire to the time when they will be twenty-one; hundreds of 
girls to the time when they will be eighteen. They can then 
act indeiiendently, they thuik, of their parents. They are free 
from bondage. 

As a result of this training tliere is probably not anotlicr peo- 
ple in the world, who have so little respect for all kinds of 
authority as the people of the L'nited States. This is a dread- 
ful condition of affairs. The perils which follow are innumer- 
able. But we, whom the Lord has chosen and gathered out 
from the nations, should make a change in this respect. Child- 
ren must be trained in habits of implicit obedience. This kind 
of obedience lies at the foundation of all good government. 

Remember, children, the obedience of Isaac. He did not 
think that he was fi'ce from the control of his father when he 
was eighteen years of ago, neither did he think that he was 
free when he was twenty-one. ^Neither should you think so. 
As long as your parents live, j'ou should honor tliem. Your 
parents, in almost every instance, are faithful and true to the 
Lord. Tliey are obedient to the servants of jod. Y'ou owe 
them the same obedience. Their words and wishes should be 
laws to you. The children who disobey their parents, and do 
not show them proper respect, are sowing seed from wdiich they 
will, in daj-s to come, reap bitter fruit. 



SINCE the issuing of oiu- last number our young readers have 
witnessed another 24th of July, the anniversarj- of the day 
on which President Brighara Young and the Pioneers first 
entered this valley. Twenty years ago those brethren, who will 
ever bo remembered among the Saints, arrived here and com- 
menced to make homes where there was then only a wilderness. 
Those who were children then, and are now living on the earth, 



are to-day men and women. Will our .JuvENn>ES try and think 
and contrast their own condition with that of the children who 
came with their parents into this valley soon after the Pioneers 
did, that they may understand, in part, how greatly the Lord 
has blessed his people. 

Those children had no nice, comfortable houses to live in, 
surrounded by beautiful orchards on which the fruit hang in 
abundance. There were no farms here and they had no fine 
clothes to wear, for their parents had been dri\ en from their 
homes away in the east, and had been compelled to make a 
journey of many hundred miles over a wild and unknown 
country, leaving their houses and farms and property in the 
hands of their enemies. There were no fine schoolhouses, in 
which their children could be educated, for there were no houses 
of any kind here at that time neither to live in, nor go to school 
in, nor to meet in. The people had to live in wagons and in 
tents. Many of the children had to go bare-footed and but 
scantily clothed. Their parents could not go to the stores to buy 
clothing for them, because there were no stores, and if there had 
been, they had no money. The country was bare and bleak and 
forbidding looking; but the people trusted in God, in their 
loneliness and poverty, for He iiad never deserted them. They 
prayed to Him, and besought his blessing. They gave heed to 
the counsels of President Young and those associated with him, 
and they were blessed. The earth, that had been hard and dry 
and seemingly barren, brought forth in abundance for the 
support of man and beasts. The people increased in numbers 
and in wealth, in power and importance, until the few way-worn 
liilgrims who, fleeing from wicked men, then made their home 
here have grown to be a great people. 

Some of the children of that time are the fathers and 
mothers of the children to whom we are now writing; and the 
old and middle-aged, the young men and women and the 
children, can now unite to celebrate the 24th of July, the 
aimiversary of the day on which the Pioneers aiTived, in jieace 
and quietness, and with thankful hearts for the great blessings 
God has bestowed upon us as a people. 

Children, never forget the Lord, and He will never forget 
you; but He will always protect and preserve you, as He will 
all who seek to do His will and walk uprightly before Him. 

E. 



We did not have a sufficient quantity of the first four 
numbers of this volume with which to supply all our subscri- 
bers. We have .since reprinted them, and intend to send them 
with this number. Should any of our friends to whom they 
are due, through any omission, not receive them, if they will 
take the trouble to inform us, we will take pleasure in forward- 
ing them. 



BIBXjE q,tjestioits 

FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



1. In what river was Moses hid by his mother in an ark of 
bullrushes? 

2. What was Abraham's father's name? 

3. Wlio was hanged on a scalfold fifty cubits high in tlie days 
of Aliasucrus? 

4. Wlio said that a wise son niaketh a glad fatlicr? 

5. Upon what mountain did Noah's Aik rest when the flood 
sulisided? 

B. Wlio was the first murderer? 

7. ITpon what island did John the Revelator write the Reve- 
lations? 

8. ^\'llat becaino of Lot's wife? 



He is a happy man who hath a true friend at his need; 
he is more truly happy that hath no need of his friend. 



but 



h^^- 



J"TJ^Ein^ILE! IIsrSTI^TJCTOI^ 



117 






For the Juvenile Instrueior. 
TO THE CHILDREN OF UTAH. 



My Dear LrrrLE Friends: — 

I WILL now wi'ite to you from one of the great American 
cities, called New York, in the State of New York. 

I came to this great city, a few days ago, from a distant 
island of the sea called England, the country where little George 
lived. I was carried over the sea in a ship made of iron, and 
we did not see any land for nearly fourteen days and nights, 
mitil we reached this land of America. 

I am quite glad that I have again reached this good land, 
and shall be more glad when I rea:ch the city of Great Salt 
Lake, and the country of Utah where you live. 

I have been in the big city where little George used to live a 
homeless wanderer. I have seen hundreds of little boj-s and 
girls, as poor and as homeless as little George used to be. 0, 
how I pitied them; I could not help giving them halfpennies, 
until I many a time gave away all the halfpennies I had in my 
pocket. how I did wish that they were as well off as the 
children are in Utah. 

One cold, wet day, as I was walking along that fine street 
where little George used to delight so to look into the nice shop 
windows, and I was thinking about little George too, and was 
almost crying — I did have some tears in my eyes, and I believe 
one dropped down on my beard, I tried all I could to keep tears 
from coming; but I coidd not. What do j'ou think made tears 
come into my eyes? I will tell you. I was thinking how kind 
and merciful the Lord had been to little George in all the days 
of his life, and my heart became soft and humble in gratitude 
to Him. It is not wrong for men to weep when their hearts 
are melted in gratitude before the Lord. W^ell, as I was 
walking along one cold day, thinking about little George, I heard 
little feet pattering along on the wet pavement. I looked to one 
side and saw a poor, little, ragged, bare-footed girl running along 
by my side. She was saying something which I could not hear. 
I bent down to speak to the poor, little, trembling creature, 
when she held up, in her little, cold, lean hand, a small box, 
saying at the same time: 

"Please buy a box of matches, only a halfpenny a box." 

I looked into the child's face, she was almost the very picture 
of my own little "Dilly" at home. I cannot tell you how I felt. 
I said to her: 

"My poor, little dear, where do j'ou live?" 

"I live up yonder; you shall have all these matches for a 
halfpennj'. 

She could not understand how sorry I was for her. 

"What will you do with the halfpenny, if I buy your 
matches?" 

"0, then, I will buy another box for a farthing." 

You will understand, my little readers, that a farthing is one 
half of a halfpenny or cent. 

"What do you do with the farthings you make clear on every 
box of matches you sell?' ' 

"I pay my lodgings, and buy bread to eat." 

"Where is your mamma?" 

"My mamma has gone to sleep, and she lies in a nice grave 
yard; I goon a Sunday and pick flowers, and sit on her grave." 

This was more than I could bear. I gave the poor little » 
darling some money, and turned away. i 



There are thousands of fatherless and motherless children in 
the great cities of that distant island, called England, who have 
to live as they can, by selling matches, shoe strings, tape or 
any thing else to make a few half-pennies, to buy bread to eat, 
and pay their lodgings at night. 

I have often thought about the children of Utah when I have 
seen the poor children of other countries. How well off the 
children of Utah are! When they want a piece of bread, they 
do not have to sell matches and shoe strings and tape to get it, 
but they have nothing to do but ask mamma or papa for it, and 
they give it to them. 

What good, nice clothing nearly all the children in Utah 
have! and what nice, good, warm beds they have to sleep in! 
their fathers and mothers provide those comforts for them. Do 
you not think that you ought to be good children always, and 
do whatever your fathers and mothers ask you to do, and never 
be disobedient to them, or to the Lord, to whom they pray for 
you every day? 

When you go to school to be educated, that you may be great 
and good men and women, your parents pay your school 
expenses, and buy books and slates for you; how careful you 
should be not to tear your books, nor break your slates; and how 
diligent you should be in your studies! In this way you will 
make your fathers and mothers and teachers and the servants of 
the Lord glad; so the}' will love and bless you. 

There, I have written j'ou a letter. You may not hear from 
me again until I continue the history of little George. 

New York, June 22ii(Z, 1867. Uncle Georoe. 



HISTOID "3r 



For the Juvenitc Instructor. 

OIP CTESTJS. 



CHAPTER II. 

JESLTS was as singular in his character as he was in hia 
parentage. His mission was very different from the 
mission of every other personage that has been born on this 
earth, for, in his mission he fulfilled the porlion of scriptui-e 
which says, "God so loved the world, that He gave His Only 
Begotten Son, that whosoever believeth on him should not 
perish, but might have eternal life." How strange! how vei-y 
strange! But so it wa.s — Jesus was born to die for man! 

When but a small boy, the s|iirit of God, his Father, rested 
upon him, and filled his heart with wisdom, and his mind with 
knowledge and intelligence far beyond other children of his 
years; and this is what enabled him to converse with, and 
astonish the learned doctors, in the temple, as was related in 
the first chapter. 

Although Jesus was growing up to the size of man, and was 
daily increasing in wisdom and understanding, he was very 
respectful and obedient to iNIary, his mother, and to Joseph, 
whom most people thotight to be the own father of Jesus. 
Jesus knew who was his Father, and yet it did not cause him 
to be vain or haughty; but he who was to be the Savior of the 
world, was a pattern of obedience and of all good and virtuous 
actions. He even went to a man whose name was John, who 
was baptizing people for the remission of sins in the river 
.Jordan, and, although he had never committed sin, requested 
.John to baptize him; but John, knowing that Jesus was the 
Son of God, felt a great degree of reverence, and feeling him- 
self unworthy, of the high honor, very modestly declined, 
saying to Jesus, "I have need to be baptized of thee, and 
comest thou to me?" But Jesus insisted that Juliii should 
ofiiciate in the sacred ordinance, that ho might set an exauiplo 
for all people, and John consented. 

A most grand and beautiful sight was seen at the time, for 





I 





Cr TJ AT E IsT I L IB in^STI^TJGTOl^ 



the heavens were opened and the Holy Ghost came upon Jesus 
and a dove came and ht upon his head as a sign that the Ploly 
Ghost had descended uijon him, and that he was accepted of 
his Father in licaveu, and a voice was heard saying, "This is 
my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." The voice 
was the voice of God, and the people who knew no bet- 
ter than to think tliat Jesus was the son of Joseph, were 
greatly amazed, while those whose hearts were filled with the 
Spirit of God, which imparted understanding to their minds, 
rejoiced exceedingly and gave thanks to God. 

It must have been a source of great comfort to Jesus, to have 
such a testimonial of his Father's approbation. But, as is 
frequently the case in the experience of good men, a trial 
awaited him after such a glorious manifestation. 

Soon after his baptism, Jesus was led into the wilderness, 
where Satan, who is ever seeking to lead astray, tempted and 
tried to induce him to deviate from the path of rectitude and 
honor. Jesus had fasted for a long time — some say, forty days, 
and he became hungry, and Satan very insultingly said to him, 
"If thou be the Son of God, command that this stone be made 
bread." But Jesus replied, "It is wi-itten, man shall not live 
by bread alone, but by every word of God." Then Satan took 
Jesus up into a high mountain, and in one moment showed 
him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them, and 
told Jesus that, if he would bow down and worship him, he 
would give him all, and at the same time, Satan was not owner 
of one of them. Then he took Jesus to Jerusalem, and placed 
him on one of the pinnacles of the temple, and told him to 
cast himself down from thence, saying, "It is written I will 
give my angels charge concerning thee." 

These are good samples of the cunning arts of the evil One, 
who is very apt in quoting scrijiture when it suits his purpose 
in prompting the Saints of God to do, or say something that 
will darken the mind little by little, and eventually lead to 
destruction. 

But Jesus resisted all his temptations, and would not j-ield to 
any of his felsehoods; and by resolutely struggling against him, 
got the victory .so that he departed and after Satan was gone, 
holy angels came and administered to Jesus. E. E. S. 



SELIF 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

iisTSTi^TjaTionsr. 



11IIEKE are some persons who are in the liabit of asserting 
that it is impossible for those to gain a ^od education 
who have to work hard for their living by manual labor. Past 
experience has, however, proved to the contrary. Many names, 
might be mentioned, well known to the student of history, who 
have gained the greatest renown and honor, as rulers, or law 
givers, as philosophers or writers, who have had to till the 
ground, to labor in the worksliop, or dig in the mine to support 
themselves and those depending on them. But this excellence 
was never attained by these men in a few days or weeks, for 
"There is no excellence without labor." It required time, 
patience and perseverence to bring about the desired end. 

There may be some in our midst who have neither the time 
nor means, to attend school. Such can oiien school for them- 
selves, and when once opened never let them close it. Never 
let an hour jiass idly by; but improve every sjjarc moment, 
every unoccupied hour, and there are many such in the course 
of a year in almost every one's life when their .studies would 
interfere with no duty. Of course a few books will be required, 
ea.sy ones on the blanches that may be studied. Added to the.se 
a dictionary to learn the meaning and application of words that 
may not be thoroughly imdcrstood. Then, again, to aid in 




acquiring a good hand writing, to keep a journal, neatly, clean- 
ly will be found a great help. 

If we cannot road, write and speak correctly, we are not fit to 
mingle with many clas.ses of society and do business with them. 
Nor is this all, we should observe and think, and strive to be 
well-mannered, polite and pleasant, and notice the ways of those 
who have been well trained iu these things. In going to the 
theatre we should not only be merry but obsen-ing. There we 
have opportunities of learning of things as they are now, and as 
they were in times past; still we must use our judgment, as 
actors and actresses are apt to go to extremes. 

We are instructed in the Doctrine and Covenants to study the 
laws and customs of nations, and learn woitls of wisdom from 
the best books. Thus gradually progressing we may aspire to be 
useful, and act in any capacity in which we may be called to fill, 
and secure respect and influence wherever our lots may be cast. 
Our good moral conduct, faithfulness, and understanding of the 
principles of the everlasting gospel should be the foundation of 
all our accomplishments, then our succe.ss is sure, although the 
road may not always be smooth, nor unbroken with difiiculties. 
Some people have the vulgar objection "that if j-ou give your 
mind to study your work will surely be neglected," or "too much 
thought will bring on disease of the brain." Perhaps in the 
world some students may study so excessively to excel other.s, 
that they may injure their brains; but the study we have been 
talking of will not weaken the brain, but strengthen it; will not 
fill it with disease, but make it more healthy and powerful 

.^^ A. 

For the Juvenile Instructor. 



QUCH was the remark of a dear friend while in conversation 
O the other day. It was said in such a tiiistful, confiding 
affectionate spirit that it made a deep impression upon us. 
What a consolation and comfort it must be, in the midst of trial, 
diificulty and affliction, to know that we have a friend in that 
Being who controls the universe. Who could be unhappy while 
he feels that God is his father and fiiend? The sweet-conscious- 
ness of such a relationship enhances every joy, and sanctifies 
ever>' sorrow. 

Now every one likes to have friends who have the disposition 
and the power to help them and do them good. If some of 
the kings and queens, or rich and influential men of the earth, 
were to ofler to be the friends and protectors of the young 
people who read the In.structou, most of them would feel very 
proud and glad. But the Lord is the King of kings. He is 
wiser, greater, richer and more powerful than all the kings and 
rich men of the earth put together, and yet He has ofi'ered to be 
the Friend and Protector of every little boy and girl and every 
man and woman who will ask Him to guide and guard them. 
How much better it is to liave God for our friend, than to have 
all the world without Him. Kings and queens may die, as 
other people; rich men may lose all their riches, and become 
poor, or they may change and cease to love us, and may deceive 
and betray us. But the Lord lives for ever; he has all the 
wealth of the universe at his command; he never changes and 
will never forsake us nor cease to love us if we do not forsake 
and cease to love Him. How veiy grateful should we be then 
for His condescension and kindness to us. We should love Him 
with all our hearts and try to do those things which we know 
will please Him; and then, when we grow up and meet with 
trouble and sorrow, temjitation and disappointment, when those 
whom we trust and love deceive and desert us, we shall still feel 
verj' happy in knowing that we have one unchangeable Friend 
who is always willing and able to help and conjfort us. 









JTT^EinSriLE I3SrSTE,TJOTOIl. 




Abraham had God for his friend, and lie became a greatman. 
Samuel, vrhen a very little boy secured the friendship of the 
Almighty, and he became a prophet and a judge. Then there 
were Joseph, David, Josiah and many others in ancient times, 
as well as Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and many others 
in our own day, who became and have become, rulers, prophets, 
priests and kings through the friendship and blessing of the 
Lord. Now we wish our little friends to remember that the 
God of Abraham, Samuel, Joseph and Brigham still lives, 
offers to be their Fiiend, and will make them wise and good and 
great if they will trust Him and be obedient to Him. Who 
would not have the Lord for his Friend? W. H. S. 



logrn-jiM 



1= K/ o IP s: IB a? . 



THIE 




ENERAL DONIPHAN'S movement in 
withdrawing his brigade frustrated the plan 
of the mobocrats which thoj' had arranged 
for the killing of Joseph and the other 
brethren. To have shot them in Far West 
was what they wanted; but, not being able 
to unite on that, they concluded to carry 
them to Jackson county. By using many 
entreaties Joseph and liis companions were 
permitted, under a guard of five or six men each, 
to go and visit their families. At the sight of 
their husbands and fathers in the hands of these 
cruel men as prisoners, their wives and childi-en 
were almost heart-broken. They knew that the 
court martial had sentenced them to be shot, and 
they knew also that the mobbers would like to have 
an excuse for killing them. What hope could they 
have, then, that they would ever see them again, 
now that they were in the hands of their enemies 
and they were going to carry them oif ? No wonder that wives 
and children wept, and almost felt as if they would never see 
their dear ones again in this life! 

There was not much time allowed for leave-taking. Though 
overwhelmed with grief their enemies were not moved, they 
hurried them away from their families in the most cruel and 
heartless manner. This was on the 2nd of November, and they 
started that day in the direction of Independence, Jackson 
county, under a strong guard, commanded' by Generals Lucas 
and Wilson. It had been doubtful about Joseph and his 
brethren ever getting away alive out of the hands of the men 
who had them as prisoners; but, as they arose and commenced 
their march on the morning of the 3rd, Joseph spoke to the 
brethren who were with him in a low, but cheerful and confi- 
dential tone, and said "Be of good cheer, brethren, the word 
of the Lord came to me last night, that our lives should be 
given us, and that, whatever we may sulfer during this captivity, 
not one of our lives .should bo taken." 

These words were very consoling to men in their position. 
How blessed a privilege it is to live in an age when prophets are 
on the earth and when revelation can be obtained through them! 
No one but a prophet of the Lord could have known that they 
would escape, and be able to make such a promise to them in 
truth. Joseph's words were literally fulfilled. 
Lucas hurried oiF to Independence with his prLsoners. He 



had received a message from John B. Clark ordering him to 
return to Far West, as he was there with a large army. Lucas 
would not comply with the demand. He was anxious for the 
honor of exhibiting them to the people of Jackson county as 
his prisoners. Clark was equally desirous to have that honor, 
and Lucas was afraid that he would send an army to take them 
from him. Lucas and the others wei-e proud of having them as 
their prisoners. All along the road they were exhibited to the 
people like so many strange animals. One of the women who 
came to sec them asked the troops, which of the prisoners was 
the Lord whom the "Mormons" worshipped. One of the guard 
pointed to Joseph, and said, "this is he." The woman then 
turned to Joseph, and inquired whether he professed to be the 
Lord and Savior. Joseph told her that he professed to be 
nothing but a man, and a minister of salvation, sent b}' Jesus 
Christ to preach the Gospel. This an,swer surprised the woman. 
She began to inquire into the doctrine which Joseph believed. 
He commenced and preached a discourse to her and her com- 
panions and to the wondering soldiers. They listened with 
breathless attention, while he taught the doctrine of faith in 
Jesus Christ, and repentance, and baptism for the remission of 
sins, with the promise of the Holy Gho.st as recorded in the 
second chapter of the Acts of the Apostles. 

The woman was satisfied, and praised God in the hearing of 
the soldiers. She went away praying that God would protect 
and deliver Joseph and his brethren. 

A few months previous to being taken prisoner, Joseph had 
publicly delivered a prophecy that a sermon should be preached 
in Jackson county by one of the elders before the close oi the 
year 1838. At that time if an elder had attempted to preach 
in that county, the people there would have killed him, they 
were so enraged against the Saints. Those who heard of this 
prediction of Joseph's did not know how it would be fulfilled. 
But the Lord who inspired him to make it had the power to 
have it brought to pass. By -preaching the sermon to the 
woman and the soldiers Joseph accomplished the prophecy, and 
the mob by taking him prisoner to Jackson county gave him 
the opportunity of doing so, and thereby fulfilled the word of 
the Lord. 

They arrived at Independence in the midst of a great rain. 
But a multitude of spectators had assembled to see them. The 
bugles sounded a blast of exulting joy as they were paraded in 
martial triumph through all the principal streets. They were 
put into an old log house, and the people crowded in to examine 
them. After their arrival at Independence, they were tieated 
with some degree of hospitality, and they spent most of their 
time in preaching and conversation. This had an excellent 
effect; a great amount of prejudice was removed, and many of 
the people began to feel very favorable towards Joseph and the 
brethren with him. 



PLAYING TRUANT.— Three little boys played truant one 
afternoon, and went oS' fishing where they thought no one 
would see them. But after a while a neighbor came along, and 
finding them, said that he should tell their parents. This 
spoiled all their sport, and set them to a.sking what was best to 
be done. There seemed no way to get out of the scrajie; their 
parents would certainly know all about it. At last one of them 
said, "I am going home." 

"What for?" asked another, "to get j'our flogging, and have 

it over?" 

"No, I am going home to be forgiven; but if it comes to a 
flogging I'd rather have it twice over than to feel so nuian as I 
do now. I shall never play truant again," and off he went. 



Union is Strength. 
Happiness. 



Knowledge is I'owcr. 






CrTJ"\rE3^ILE IlsrSTI^TJOTOie/ 



Hi 






^ 



"Wj^iDiisro insr thie bi^^ooic. 



Roaming throiiffh the forest 

In the early spring, 
Gathering sweet wild blossoms, 

Is a i>leasant thing; 
And fishing in the river 

With my line and hook; 
But neither half so pleasant 

As wading iu the brook. 

Ijj'ing in the meadow 

On the cool, soft grass. 
With the blue sky o'er me. 

And the clouds that pass. 
Is certainly delicious, 

Xe'er thinking of my book. 
But 'tis not half so pleasant 

As wading in the bi-ook. 

There lie my shoes and stocking:* 

On tlie shining moss; 
My pants I've rolled uj? carefidly, 

5Iy hat I gave a toss. 
And sent it 'niong the liranibles 

Which o'er the waters shook; 
O bless me! but 'tis pleasant 

Wading in the brook! 

The cool and laughing waters 
Go dancing o'er my feet, . . 

And violets along the shore 
Fling out their odoi-s sweet; 

And brave old trees bend o'er me, 
And shelter this dear nook; 

bless me! but 'tis pleasant 
Wading in the brook! 

There are scores of little fishes 

Scampering o'er my toes; 
And there's a gay young turtle 

A poking out his nose; 

1 wonder if he'll bite me! 
The crawfish! only look! 

O bless me! Ijut 'tis pleasant 
Wading in the brook! 

And through the leafy brani-ho» 

The sunbeams glisten down, 
Leaving on each wavelet 

A shining, golden crown; 
As if the crystal river 

Its heaveiUy plains forsook. 
And dropped some sparkling ripple* 

Within this httle brook. 

Roaming through the forests 

In the early spring. 
Gathering fragrant blossoms. 

Listening wild liirds sing, 
Are pleasures rare and charming, 

Ne'er thinking of my Ijook; 
But nothing's half so pleasant 

As wading in the brook! 



Look to the seed you sow, that it be sound and good, and 
for the benefit and use of mankind; this is to bo regarded, as 
well as the ground into which the seed is cast. 

TuosE who love to benefit others are the happiest of mortals. 



m 



€orp001tott&cttci^. 



Great Salt Lake City, July 12th, 1867. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brother: — The 14th Ward Sabbath School is progres- 
sing rapidly, under the able management of Elders Elijah 
Pearce, Geo. H. Taylor, C'has. R. Jones and W. T. Ay land, 
who all manifest the greatest zeal and energy in advancing the 
moral and intellectual development of the juvenile attendants. 

The school, at present, consists of li78 pupils, organized into 
twenty-tive classes, each ha\ing its respective teacher. 

Elders E. L. T. Harrison and T. C. Armstrong are teaching 
two advanced classes of young men and women, where atten- 
tion is given only to the principles of Theology as taught in the 
Bililo, Book of Jlormon and Doctrine and Covenants; and quite 
a number of the young Saints are wise enough to embrace so 
excellent an oi>portunity of iiaving their minds instructed and 
qualified to preach the gospel of salvation at home and abroad. 

We have also organized a choir, undei the direction of Elder 
Stephen H. R. Mark, a promising young man, who evinces con- 
siderable talent in vocal music. We are now forming a. library 
for the benefit of the school, having received through donations 
by the Saints in the ward a variety of books, and also other 
means with which to jiurehase in the East such works as can- 
not be obtained here. We hope to have, ere long, a library con- 
sisting of about 100 volumes. 

The Directors are doing all in their power to render the in- 
struction pleasant as well as useful to the children, and our 
large and commodious hall crowded witli hundreds of the 
rising gener.ation whose countenances beam with beauty and 
innocence, proves the satisfaction and gratitude which the schol- 
ars universally feel. 

As further auxiliaries to attract the attention of the children, 
we have lectures, recitations and songs, by i^ersons who are 
either selected or volunteer to serve on such occasions. Tickets 
of reward are procured for distribution. Six numbers of the 
Juvenile Instructor are subscribed for, and lent out, for the 
benefit of the children at home. 

As a school we have but one aim, namely, to attain to perfec- 
tion; and thus we are determined to continue in the good cause, 
to proie to the Saints and to the world, that we are for intelli- 
gence and the glory of God. 

Yours very resiiectfully, 

Andreas ENOBEEa, 
Secretary 14th Ward Sabbath School. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

C H: JL I^ ./A^ 3D E . 



BY ALFRED GARDNER. 



I am conipo.=ed of 10 letters. 

My I, 2, S, 4, 5, 9, 7, are made abundantly in Great Salt 
Lake City. 

]\Iy 3, 6, 2, 10, is an adverb of place. 

My whole is a floiu-ishing manuiacturing city in England. 

SSF'TilE Answer to the Charades in No. ,13 are— THE 
GOLDEN RULE and THE WOllD OF WISDOM— J. R. 
McGaw, 0. F. Whitney, M. E. Wright and W. J. Lewis, sent 
coiTeot answers. 



7a- 2>uhlLs/it2d in Great Salt Lake Citij, Utah Territoi-y^ 
ON THE FIRST <fc FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum 83 00 

Single Copy, for Bi.'i Mouths 1 50 

«g- It is expected where agents forward names the)/ will be responsible 
for the papers thus ordered: and when Cash p(ii/yiirn)s are made, tliey 
'trjlt jilease forward them with the letter containing the names of the 
sulisrrihers, 

«»- Khti-r Wm. H. Shearnxan, Lotjan, ivill act as General Agent for 
Cache yallel/. 

«»- Grain brought to this CitJl for the .Ttvkvile Instht'CTOr leill be 
received at the office of our paper— Deseket Hews Buildings. 




