
vol. xv in 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 15, 1883. 



NO. 4. 



THE CITY OF SAMARIA 



"DELOW we give a picture of the city of Samaria, the 
-»-' capital of the kingdom of Israel, not as it appears to-day, 
for it is now little more than a ruin, but as it existed in the 
age when it was an important Roman city. 

It was King Oturi who chose the hill upon which Samaria 
is built as the site of the capital of the kingdom of Israel. 
The Bible tells us he "bought the hill of Samaria of Shemer 
for two talents of silver, and built on the hill, and called the 
name of the city which he built after the name of Shemer, owner 



years, by Shalmaneser, king of Assyria, and the kingdom of 
the Ten Tribes came to an end, while the people were carried 
into captivity, and the land lay desolate, bereft of its inhabi- 
tants, as God's prophets had foreshadowed. Some years 
afterwards the Assyrians repeopled the district of which 
Samaria was the center with idolatrous immigrants from their 
own land. The descendants of these heathens mixed with 
children of Jewish apostates formed the people of the 
Samaritans, who in the days of Jesus were so despised by the 




of 1 1n- hill, Samaria" i /. Kings, xvi., 23, 24). Omri'a pur- 
chase took place in the year 929 before Obriat 

Kiln.' Ah. ib built a temple to Baal in this city, and heme- a 

portion of it became known aa "The city of the house of 
Bui" [II Kin,,*,,., 26). 
Samaria appears to have been | place of great Strength. It 

wan twice besieged by the Syrians, in 1>. C. 90J and B92, but 
in both instances its capture was not accomplished, In the 

year Tl'I B. , Samaria was taken, after a Siege of three 



orthodox .lews of Jades. One writer speaking 61' ihew, 
sayt : 

"In the northern part of the promised land (as opposed t" 
Judea proper) there grew up a mingled race, which drew its 

origin li he remnant of the Israelites who were left behind 

in the niry mi the removal of the Ten Tribes, and also 

from the heathen colonists who were transplanted Into the 
cities of Israel. Their religion was as hybrid as their extrao 
tiim: they worshipped Jehovah, but, in addition to Hun 




also the heathen idols of Phoenician origin which they had 
brought from their native land." 

In the days of Alexander the Great, Samaria seems to 
have regained some of its royal prosperity. But that cruel 
conqueror having captured it, killed a large portion of its 
inhabitants, yet suffered the remainder to settle at Shechem. 
He replaced those whom he had slain by a colony of Syro- 
Macedonians (Asiatic-Greeks) and gave the adjacent regions 
to the Jews for them to inhabit. These Greeks occupied the 
city until 109 B. C. , when John Hyrcanus, the Jew, took 
Samaria after a year's siege, and did his best to demolish it 
entirely. The Jews then inhabited what remained of this 
once royal capital of the house of Israel until the Roman 
general, Pompey, gave it back to the descendants of its 
original inhabitants. 

Herod the Great rebuilt the city and placed a wall around 
it two and one-half miles in length. He also raised a mag- 
nificent temple in its center, and colonized it with six thousand 
veterans and others. Little else is known of its history. In 
the beginning of the third century of the Christian era, 
Septimus Severus planted a Roman colony therein. By and 
by it had a Christian bishop. When the Saracens besieged 
Jerusalem they also took possession of Samaria. During the 
Crusades a Roman Catholic bishopric was established there. 
From then till now it has gradually sunk in importance 
and beauty. It is to-day a small village with nothing to make 
it remarkable except the ruins of its former temples, churches, 
etc., among which are the remains of a church dedi- 
cated to John the Baptist, who, according to tradition, 
was imprisoned and slain there. It is also said to be the 
burial place of the prophets Elisha and Obadiah. G. R. 



DESERET S. S. UNION MEETING. 



ON Monday, February 5th, 1883, the regular meeting of the 
Union was held in the Assembly Hall, Asst. Gen. Supt. 
George Goddard presiding. 

Meeting opened with music by the 15th Ward choir, con- 
ducted by Supt. Thomas C. Griggs. Counselor W. L. Binder 
offered the opening prayer. 

Minutes of the January meeting were read and adopted. 

Supt. Thomas C. Griggs said it gave him much pleasure to 
report the 15th Ward Sunday school. Especially as it had 
been some time since he, in the usual order, had been called 
upon for a report. The school was in good working condition. 
It has three hundred and ten scholars and forty-eight 
officers and teachers. The average attendance is about two 
hundred and ninety. The school is divided into thirty-six 
classes. The text books consist of the most suitable Church 
works and the publications of the D. S. S. Union. Instead 
of having an exclusive library for the school, there was a 
large and excellent library in the Ward. The works belonging 
to the Relief Society, the Mutual Improvement Associations 
and Sunday school had been consolidated into one library, to 
which, under proper regulations, the members of these organi- 
zations have access. The classes were so arranged that the 
younger pupils sat in front near the stand. The 
practice of calling the teachers' and scholars' rolls at the 
beginning of the exercises proved to be conducive to punct- 
uality. The attendance of the scholars was carefully registered 
each Sunday. At the end of each quarter, a summary of the 
attendance of the pupils was made out on cards printed for the 



purpose, and sent to their parents. Also at the close of each 
quarter a summary of the attendance of each officer and 
teacher is read before the whole school, the word "per- 
fect" being added to the names of those who had been 
punctual every Sunday. All such measures, before being 
carried out, were presented to the school, voted upon, and 
done by common consent. The school had the hearty support of 
the Bishop and his counselors. He felt that the officers and 
teachers were generally faithful to the interests of the school 
with which they were entrusted. To them he attributed, to a 
great degree, the prosperity of their Sunday school. 

Elder Abraham H. Cannon delivered a brief and interesting 
lecture on the introduction of the gospel into Germany, and 
the progress of the work up to the present time. Ele 
eloquently urged those young men who desired to prepare 
themselves to assist in the great work of the Lord to learn 
the German language, as, according to the prediction of the 
Prophet Joseph, thousands in that country would yet embrace 
the gospel. 

Supt. Goddard said he had been delighted with the music, 
the report of Supt. Griggs and the lecture just delivered. 
Stake Supt. J. C. Cutler and himself had attended a Sunday 
school convention that day at Provo. It was for the S. S. 
officers and teachers of Utah Stake, and nearly, if not all, the 
schools, were there represented. He felt much gratified with 
their visit. He was deeply impressed with the great impor- 
tance of proper government in a school and the punctual and 
regular attendance of all its members. Without these quali- 
ties, there will be more or less disorder ; but where they 
exist, quietness and good order will prevail, especially during 
prayer and the administration of the Sacrament. He urged 
officers and teachers to be earnest in their Sunday school 
duties and alive to the responsibilities resting upon them. He 
invited the Sunday schools in this and other Stakes, that may 
have newor second-hand copies of the Juvenile Instructor, 
Articles of Faith, and other good reading matter they do 
not need, to donate them to the Sunday schools of the South- 
ern States mission. Such contributions should be sent to 
John C. Cutler, As>t. Secy, of the Union, before the 25th of 
the present month. 

The 15th Ward Glee Club sang several pieces in excellent 
style during the evening. 

A lecture by Elder George Reynolds, on the ' 'Geography 
of the Book of Mormon," was announced for next meeting. 
The 1 6th Ward Sunday school was requested to furnish music 
and doorkeepers. 
Closed with benediction by Elder M. F. Cowley. 



PLEASING EVERYBODY. 



ADAM'S sons and daughters, of every grade of civiliza- 
tion or barbarism, would rather be pleased than dis- 
pleased. True pleasure happifies and makes glad 
the heart of man ; and the brute also is susceptible to its 
heart-gladdening influence. Many of the human family 
delight to please, and dislike to displease, and there are some 
who seem to take much pleasure in displeasing and annoying 
their lellows, but their pleasure is not real and happifying. 
Then there are others who attempt the impossibility of pleas- 
ing everybody, and the result is a complete failure. 






"Man, know thyself." The study of self, and the human 
race generally, develops many peculiarities, and exhibits a 
never ending variety of characters and dispositions, as well as 
righteous desires arising from ever-varying circumstances, 
which are variously illustrated. An elderly gentleman had 
two dauehters married, one to a gardener and the other to a 
potter. He visited the gardener's wife, enquired after her 
welfare, learned that she was well, lacking nothing, and 
having but one desire, "which," says she, "is this: that we 
may have a nice rain to water our plants." Passing en to see 
his other daughter, the potter's wife, he found her in good 
health, well provided for, and having but one special wish, 
viz: "that this fine weather and hot sun may continue, to 
bake our tiles." "Alack!" said the father, "if you wish for 
fine weather, and your sister for rain, which must I ask the 
Lord to grant unto me?" The old gentleman was in a 
quandary ; for, whether he prayed for rain or beautiful sun- 
shine, he would be asking for that which would not suit one 
of his daughters. This illustrates an oft-recurring phase of 
human experience. To please one, you offend another. 

Some are hard to please through their unreasonable selfish- 
ness. This is shown in the following anecdote of two brothers: 
John and Henry slept together. One night, soon after 
they had gone to bed, their mother heard some disputiug 
between them, and, going to the foot of the sairs, enquired 
what was the matter, and got this reply : "John wants half 
of the bed." "Well," says she, "let him have it, stop your 
noise, and go to sleep." "Yes, mother," says Henry, "but 
he wants his half in the middle, and wfints me to sleep on 
both sides of him." And that is the way with a great many 
bigger boys — if they cannot have their "half in the middle," 
they utter their prolonged and inconsistent growl. 

There are others who are tyrannical and utiji y 

are favored with 

"A little rule, a little sway— 
A sunbeam in a winter's day." 

they treat their fellow-beings in an exacting, op jsive, and 
coercive manner. They act the wolf, as represent* * in iEsop's 
fable of the "Wolf and the Lamb," which is substantially as 
follows: — A wolf, drinking at a running stream, saw a lamb 
paddling in the stream below, and resolving to make her his 
prey, ran up to her, and charged her with making the water 
muddy. "Indeed," said the lamb, humbly, "I do not see 
how T can disturb the water, since it runs from you to me, 
not from me to you.." "Be that as it may," replied the wolf, 
"it was but a year ago that you called me many ill names." 
"Oh, sir!" said the lamb, trembling, "a year ago I was not 
born." "Well," replied the wolf, "if it was not you, it was 
your father, and that is all the same; but it is no use trying 
to argue me out of my supper;" and he immediately tore 
the poor helpless lamb to pieces. Thus the human wolf 
resolves to destroy. Innocence, and strong proof thereof, 
together with weakness and helplessness, and every other 
legitimate thing, may all be plead, but in vain — they avail 
nothing with tyrannical power — nothing short of destruction 
will please the human wolf scenting blood and determining 
on the overthrow of his brother. lie ie more to be dreaded 
— yea, a hundred-fold more, than bis quadruped kindred of. 
the prairie. 

The effort to please is commendable, though the task may 
be difficult. Various interesting attempts are made, in this 
direction. The story goes that a man once started to build 
an out-door oven. Soon after commenoiog, a prominent citi- 
zen passing by enquired if he thought that oven would draw 



well, with the door facing the north, and assured him that it 
would not. Orders were immediately given to the mason to 
take it down and build it facing the south. Work commenced 
according to the new design, but had not progressed far when 
the parson, who is sometimes a knowing and meddlesome 
character in a neighborhood, happened that way, saw the new 
oven going up with the door southward, and declared that it 
would not answer unless the door faced the east. Down came 
the bricks and mortar, and a new structure was commenced 
as per parson architect. But this also was doomed to change, 
for long before completion another "prominent and influential 
citizen" astounded the already bewildered oven-builder with 
the solemn declaration, that if it was not built to face the 
west, he never would be able to bake a loaf of bread in it fit 
for anything human to eat. The poor, whim-pestered oven- 
erector straightened himself up, looked at his new adviser, 
then at the partly-constructed oven, then at the mason, then 
at the ground, and then at a new idea which struck him with 
electrical force, and away he went, beckoning the mason to 
follow him. They soon returned, however, bringing with 
them a wagon wheel and axle-tree. The latter was quickly 
placed in the ground like a post, the upper arm greased, the 
wheel placed thereon, and the oven built on the wheel ; and 
whenever a fellow-citizen "who knew it," condescended to te.l 
that now amiable oven-proprietor, that his oven will not bake 
well unless it faces a specified point of the compass, he 
simply gives the magic wheel a tarn and kindly asks: — "Will 
that suit you, sir?" 

But all efforts to please, though highly commendable 
when graced with propriety, are sometimes carried too far, and 
the result is chagrin through folly, waste of time, and loss of 
property. This is nicely illustrated in ^-Esop's fable of the 
miller, his son, and their donkey, which, in substance, runs 
thus: — Driving their donkey to a fair to sell him, they met 
some girls, who pronounced them fools for walking when they 
might ride. On hearing this, the father quietly requested 
his son to mount the beast. Passing on, they soon met some 
old men. "There," said one of them, "is a proof of what I 
was saying. What respect is shown to old age in these days? 
Do you see that idle young rogue riding, while his old father 
has to walk? Get down, you scapegrace, and let the old man 
rest his weary limbs!" "The son dismounted, and the father 
took a ride. They soon met some women, who exclaimed: — 
"Why, you lazy old fellow! How can you ride upon the 
beast, while that poor little boy there can hardly keep pace 
with you? The accommodating miller took the lad up behind 
him, aud jogged along, but soou met a townsman, who 
accosted him thus: "Pray, honest friend, is that donkey 
your own?" "Yes, sir," replied the miller. "Well," 
retorted the townsman, "one would not have thought so, 
from the way you load him. Why you two fellows are better 
able to carry the poor doukey than he is to carry you." 
"Anything to please you," said the miller. So father and 
son dismounted, tied the brute's legs together, and swung on 
a pole resting on their shoulders, the two uinneys attempted 
to carry the jackass over a bridge to the town. This was fun 
for the people, who crowded around anil laughed at it; but 
Mr. Donkey, not liking the fun, nor the position he was in — 
upside down — kicked himself loose, and tumbled into the 
river; and the miller, feeling vexed and ashamed, and 
chagrined at his own folly, wended his way homeward ; not, 
however, with the money in his pocket lor his animal, but 
with this impressive and valuable lesson permeating and 
effecting his whole being: "By endeavoring to please every- 





S3 



J" TT "VIE IN" I LIE IE"STBTJOTOE/, 




body, I have pleased nobody, and lost my donkey into the 
bargain." 

These illustrations will probably be sufficient, to give this 
principle the prominence desired. But, it may be asked, 
what course shall we pursue in this matter of trying to please? 
Be polite and manly, without cringing sycophancy. Be hon- 
est and just, without fear or favor. "Do unto others as you 
would that others should do unto you," in like circumstances, 
and ritk all results. Remember that He who gave this golden 
rule of conduct for the benefit of all our race, failed to please 
everybody — He was not a "men-pleaser ;" and He taught 
differently. Paul, being taught of the Lord, declared : "If I 
yet please men, I should not be a servant of Christ." Then 
govern jour lives according to the revealed laws of celestial 
worlds; and, if this should result in displeasing important 
men, and the tabooing of society, it will also produce another 
glorious result: It will please God, and prepare those who 
thus live to associate with the angels and the Gods, and to 
dwell and reign among the redeemed, and as a part of the 
redeemed, in the celestial kingdoms of our God, for ever and 
ever. 



EARLY REMINISCENCES. 



BY J. H. H. 



( Continued from page. 42.) 



/^\N the 3rd of May, 1851, I attended a conference held in 
^-^ London. There were present of the Twelve Apostles, 
John Taylor, Erastus Snow, Lorenzo Snow and Franklin D. 
Richards, the latter being president of the British mission. 
John Hyde, jun., Arthur Stayner and the writer were then 
called to join the French mission and were iostructed to report 
to Elder John Pack ic Saint Heliers, Island of Jersey. We 
met President John Taylor there in Conference on the 22od 
of June following, and received appointments to preach in 
certain portions of the Island. We were expected at the 
same time to study the French language and so qualify our- 
selves for our future labors. On the following day President 
Taylor embarked for Germany. 

Our friend John Hyde, jun., in some manner got the inside 
track, and was at once comfortably located in Gorey where 
there was a branch of some fifty members. Elder Stayner 
was to labor among his friends in Saint Laurence, and the 
writer was appointed to labor in Saint Aubins and other places 
contiguous, where the elders had been unable to get a foot- 
hold. Elder Stayner's uncle had given him the cold shoulder, 
we were therefore thrown on our own resources, and enjoyed 
an « quality really primitive. Our diet was decidedly frugal; 
for breakfast we made a special contract for bread and milk 
straight. With this base of supplies we felt quite independent; 
but the Lord raised us up friends and we did not suffer neither 
for food nor any other real necessity. As a matter of conveni- 
ence we had hired a comfortably furnished bed-room of the 
lady who furnished our breakfast, so we generally met at night 
and parted in the morning to go to our respective fields of 
labor. 

I will here relate an adventure that occurred on the 23rd of 
Aug., 1851. On leaving Saint Laurence in the morning, I 
took the road to Saint Aubins by the way of Saint Peters. I 
was walking along ruminating on the great latter-day work, 



and almost lost in my reflections, when on looking around I 
found myself in a narrow road where I had never been before. 
Seeing a house at some distance I went and enquired my way. 
A man came to the door who proceeded to direct me to my 
destination when his wife requested him to ask if I was a 
minister and if I had any books with me. I told him I was 
an Elder of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, 
and that I had books with me setting forth its doctrines. His 
wife then asked him to invite me into the house. When I 
entered, the lady said she had been expecting me for over two 
weeks, for she had a dream or vision in which she saw me 
come to her house, with the books just as she then saw me. 
Addressing her husband she said, "This is the gentleman I 
have been talking to you about during the last two weeks." A 
lady was in the house from Saint Marie. I preached the gospel to 
them, and told them what great things the Lord had done in our 
day among the children of men. We knelt down and prayed 
together, and united our hearts and voices in thanking God 
for His goodness and mercy. When I left them they were 
filled with joy and thanksgiving. A few days after this I bap- 
tized the two ladies in the sea, and confirmed them members 
of the Church by the laying on of hands. Mrs. Bartlett, for 
that was the name of one of the ladies, told me subsequently 
that she had been afflicted with some cronic disease for 
several years, and the doctors had failed to give her any relief. 
Before being baptized she had prayed earnestly that God 
would give her another evidence that this work was true, and 
heal her of her sickness in and through the ordinance of bap- 
tism. She then testified that the Lord had answered her 
prayer, and had made her whole. All this was the Lord's 
doing and marvellous in our eyes, and tended to strengthen 
our faith. 

Some persons wonder why it is that the Elders of this 
Church are so successful in their administrations. It is 
because God is with them and His aDgels are sent before them, 
and He will lead into His Church such as will be eternally 
saved. With such a host of witnesses that attend the servants 
of God in their labors and administrations, it would be impos- 
sible for them to doubt the goodness and mercy of the 
Almighty, and His ability to carry on and consummate the 
great work He has commenced in these latter days. 

About this time I baptized three other persons, and soon 
raised a spirit of opposition among the people of the baser 
sort. 1 was at this time assisted on Sundays by Elder Be La 
Mere, and we had to defend ourselves from the missiles of our 
enemies the best way we could. They were emboldened in 
their attack by a centenier of the parish named Le Broeq; 
but I wrote a letter of complaint against him to Le Cronique 
de Jersey, after which he subsided, and we were then left 
unmolested. As the article by the Cronique is brief, and praise- 
worthy, I give the following translation : "We have received 
a letter from an English correspondent relative to the conduct 
of a Centenier of one of our rural parishes in a meeting of 
the sect called Mormons. The accusation is so grave that we 
are scarcely able to believe it. However erroneous the faith 
of the Lxtter-day Saints may appear to be, they have, like all 
other religious communities, the right to enjoy the liberty of 
their creed, and to claim the protection of the laws if any one 
shall molest them in the exercise of this right. If therefore 
the interruption mentioned by our correspondent has taken 
place, it is not only an annoyance, but a culpable attack 
against the liberty of conscience, which is one of the rights 
ihe most precious and the most sacred which we enjoy in com- 
mon with all other subjects of the British Empire." 



3K 




.TTT^TIEIsrT.LIE I1TSTBTJOTOB. 



53 




This public defense of our religious rights and privileges 
under the constitution of the British Government had a good 
effect, and we had very little more interruption. 

An adventure occurred about this time that was somewhat 
distressing to those immediately concerned, but which had at 
the same time some exciting and ludicrous features which I will 
copy from my journal : 

"On my arrival at Brelards Bay I found the place where 1 
usually preached occupied by an ill- looking, one-eyed preacher 
who was declaiming against the Latter-day Saints in the com- 
mon style, which consisted of the usual tirade of vitupera- 
tion and abuse. I heard him quietly to the end, and then 
took his place, answered his statements, and preached the 
first principles of the gospel to an attentive audience. At the 
close of the meeting I was introduced to a Christian Jew, the 
Rev. S. Samuels, who invited me to his home, and with whom 
I had a long conversation on the restoration of the gospel, 
with which he seemed favorably impressed. A few days after 
Elder John Pack accompanied me and we took supper with 
the Rev. gentleman and pressed the subject home so closely 
that he became restive and hostile. About 9 o'clock while 
engaged with him in warm debate, we were aroused by the 
cry, Tire!" We rushed up stairs, and brought down Mrs. 
Samuels and her two children, in their night-clothes. We got 
buckets and water and did all we could to subdue the fire, but 
all to no effect. Two-thirds of the house was burned down 
and all the clothing and furniture in the upper rooms was 
destroyed. Mr. Samuels walked back and forth wringing his 
hands and reproaching himself in bitter agony and saying: 
'This is a judgment ou me for my harsh treatment of these 
men, for I believe they are servants of God, and I rejected 
them.' " 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



( ( 'oitti'iiiittl from page 35. ) 



"/^vLD TOM,'' as Brockman called himself, no sooner had 
V-/ taken command than he gave orders for marching. At 
about half past nine on the morning of the 10th of Septem- 
ber, the watchmen, posted on the tower of the temple, dis- 
covered the mob approaching Nauvoo on the Carthage road. 
The instruction of the governor of the state to Major Parker 
had been to organize the people of Nauvoo to defend them- 
selves. Four companies of volunteers had been organized. 
When it w.i- known that the mobbers under Brockman were 
marching toward- the city, iIiom' companies were ordered to 
march out and meet them. By noon they had reached a 

uf timber on the Carthage road, when John W 1, 

Esq., mayor of Quincy, Major Flood, Dr. Conyeroand Messrs. 
Joel Rice and Benjamin Clifford, .Inn., al-o < it' Ouincy, arrived 
at Nauvoo. The governor bad given a commission to Major 
Flood i" raise forces in Adams county for the protection ol 
Nauvoo. These gentlemen vera all indignant al the villain- 
ous conduct of the mob towards an oppressed and defenseless 
community. They were anxious, however, to aver! the shed- 
ding of blood, and Major Wood proposed that they proceed to 
the mob camp and learn if then was any prospeol of a com- 
promise, Accordingly they repaired there in a carriage, and 
had an interview with Carlin and Brockman. Thai yon may 
havi :i correct idea "l the feelings mid aims of the scoundrels 



composing the mob, we will give the proposals of Carlin and 
Brockman in full : 

"September 10th, 1846. 

"It is proposed, on behalf of the anti-Mormon forces 
assembled, camped in the vicinity of Nauvoo, by the officers 
in council : 

"1st — That the writs in the hands of John Carlin shall 
be served, if the individuals against whom they exist, can be 
found. 

"2d — The Mormons shall all give up their arms to some 
gentleman, to be agreed on by the parties, and any gun or 
other weapons shall be returned to the owner, whenever the 
owner of said gun has bona fide left the state with his goods 
and chatties. 

"3d — The anti- Mormon forces shall be permitted to march 
peaceably through the city, we pledging ourselves to molest 
neither person nor property, unless attacked, in which case 
we will defend ourselves as best we can. 

"4th — The Mormons shall leave the State in thirty days. 

"5th — The anti-Mormons shall station a force at their 
discretion in the city, to see that the above terms are com- 
plied with. 

"John Carlin. 
"Thomas S. Brockman. 
"In behalf of the officers in camp." 

Carlin had been illegally appointed as a special constable to 
serve a writ on a supposed criminal. This was the only service 
it was claimed that he had to perform. But what a change 
had now taken place ! He had become a dictator and claimed 
the exercise of more despotic power than any king could 
wield. He had not only called out soldiers by the hundreds 
from Hancock, the only county in which he could pretend to 
any jurisdiction as a constable, but from all the surrounding 
counties. Majors, colonels and other officers were summoned 
by him. And all this for the purpose of forming a po.s-.sc to 
serve a constable's writ in Hancock ! At the head of these 
forces which he had thus summoned he dictated terms to a 
city, threatening the people with his vengeance unless they 
complied with them ! A so-called constable demanding the 
amis of the people under pains and penalties, and insisting on 
expelling them from their homes and from the State, because, 
forsooth, they were "Mormons!" This was one of the most 
outrageous proceedings ever attempted. 

Carlin, "Old Tom" and their mob manifested but little 
respect for the Quincy gentlemen after giving them the terms 
upon which they would make a compromise, for, as they 
returned to Nauvoo, the mob fired several cannon balls over 
their heads. Major Flood had seen enough to satisfy him 
probably I hat it would be unpopular with the mob to defend or 
protect Nauvoo, bo he deolined to accept the commission of 
the governor lo raise forces in Adams county for thai purpose. 
but as ho was empowered to transfer i be commission to some 

citizen of Adams county, he did mi, and it was accepted by 

Benjamin Clifford, of Qainoy. Clifford then took command 
of the volunteers. Under him Charles M, Johnson continued 

tu act, as he bad under Parker, as col '1 of the volunteers. 

William L, Cutler aoted as Lieutenant-colonel and William 
Anderson as Ude-de-Camp. The first, second, third, and 
fourth companies were under Captains Andrew I, Lamoreaux, 
Alexander MoRae, Hiram Gates and Curtis E. Bolton. The 

DCXl day William Ander-on, having received permission pro 
Deeded tO clem.- ■ a band of Seleol men for Hanker- and sharp 
si ters. They were called the Spartan Hand and were 

principally armed with repeating rifles. They organized at 



& 



I 




54 



CTTJ^VEHSTIXjIE] II^STBVCTOB, 




President D. H. Wells', who was then known as Esq. Wells, 
because of his being a magistrate, and who took a very active 
and prominent part in the defense of Nauvoo. William 
Anderson was cho : en first captain and Alexander McRae 
second captain. Curtis E. Bolton also joined this band. The 
command of his and Captain MeRae's company devolved upon 
them as first lieutenants. 

The mob had artillery, and seemed to he well supplied with 
ammunition of all kiuds. For the want of other enemies to 
fire at, they, in passing corn-fields on both sides of the road, 
fired their grape and canister shot into them ; they made 
great havoc in cutting down corn-shocks. There was no 
artillery in Nauvoo and it was felt to be greatly needed. Two 
steamboat shafts, which had lain for years on the banks of 
the Mississippi river were found. These shafts were hollow, 
and it suggested itself to some of the citizens that by cutting 
them in two, and plugging up one of the ends of each piece 
with iron fastened in its place by wrought iron bolts and made 
tight by filling up with spelter, a rude but effective kind of 
cannon might be manufactured. The plan was deemed 
feasible, and four of this kind of cannon were soon made 
ready for service. There were probably some fears felt as to 
whether they would answer the purpose or not, and the first 
discharge from them was doubtless watched with considerable 
interest. They might, after all the trouble, burst upon the 
first discharge. Jt was no time, however, for nervousness. 
The mob forces were at the people's doors, and they had to 
defend themselves against their attacks with such means as 
were at their command. But the shafts did good service. 
They stood the fire excellently, and they were the means of 
intimidating the mob and keeping them at bay. They had 
expected to make Nauvoo an easy prey, for they knew there 
was no artillery there. When, therefore, they heard the can- 
non, they did not know, what, the sound meant. The "Mor- 
mons" were better prepared for defense than they imagined 
them to be. 

Major Flood, did not show his commission to "Old Tom" 
Brockman when he was at the mob camp. Major Wood and 
Joel Rice, therefore, walked out there again, and read the 
commission that Brockman might know that he was fighting 
forces which had been raised by the governor's order. But 
neither he nor his forces cared for the governor or his orders. 
They were resolved to drive the people from Nauvoo, and 
they drew nearer and nearer, advancing in solid columns 
against the city. There was naturally great anxiety felt by 
the people of the city. Major Parker, when he left, gave 
them reasons to hope that recruits would be sent, by the gov- 
ernor, to their relief. But no reinforcements came, and it 
became evident that they must rely upon their own resources. 
( To be Continued . ) 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



(Continued from page. 44.) 
HP HE Czar ot Russia, the German Emperor, or any other 
•*■ of the European potentates (not to speak of our own 
presidents) whose lives are constantly in danger, might get a 
very good hint from a tribe in the interior which Mr. Thomson 
met with, called the Walungu, as to the best way to keep 
themselves safe from conspirators, and secure the utmost 



vigilance on the part of the chief minister, or secretary of 
state. 

It appears that the head man, or factotum, of a Walungu 
chief is always killed on the death of his master, and buried 
with him. This is carried out by the people themselves, and 
is strictly adhered to as a national custom. Hence no 
Walungu head man ever dares to conspire against the life of 
his chief, as that would seal his own doom ; and it is equally 
for his interest to ward off any attempts made by others, and 
be zealous for his safe keeping. 

Mr. Thomson, in speaking of the absence of clothing among 
some of the tribes, says: "People who have never traveled, 
are apt to come to the conclusion that nudity can only be con- 
sistent with the lowest grade of human development; but this 
is really a great mistake. At least my experience among a 
varied collection of African tribes tells me so. Neither is 
nudity incompatible with modesty. Rather the contrary; for 
as a rule, I have found that among the negro races, the best 
dressed are usually the most immoral. Indeed, when we 
come to examine into the question, we usually find that it is 
more a matter of color than anything else, and after that the 
forms of dress or undress depend upon habit and custom. 
Nudity with a black skin never strikes me as strange or note- 
worthy ; but with a white skin it is different. Indeed, I 
almost developed a morbid disinclination to look at myself, 
and once or twice I have even blushed to see my white skin. 
I became so afraid of being seen bathing even, by my men, 
that it was only with the utmost secrecy that I ever 
attempted it." 

An Ishmael of a chief, who was very warlike and who did 
his utmost to carry off the cattle and women of the neighbor- 
ing tribes was auxious to make brothers with the explorer, so 
that he and all his men would be safe wherever they might be 
found. This ceremony of creating brotherhood was an import- 
ant one. Preceded by his band and escorted by his chief rifle- 
men, Mr. Thomson went in great state to the chief's house. On 
both sides proxies were chosen, Mr. Thomson's chief man for 
him aud the headmau of the district for the chief. These 
men sat down opposite each other with legs interlaced. The 
gun of the one and the spear of the other were placed across 
their respective shoulders. One of the tribe then made three 
small cuts on the breast of the manager of the caravan, and 
Mr. Thomson's gun bearer made the same on the breast of 
the chief's headman. Then another 7nan of the tribe took 
the ax of the chief's proxy and rubbed it on the spear, 
making a speech as he did so, drawing down curses on the 
latter if he should "break the brotherhood" by doing the 
other harm in any way, and swearing that he should stand by 
his brother whenever danger threatened. He invoked the 
gods to turn the weapons of the traitor against .himself, and 
that he might have no peace or welfare if he did not keep his 
covenant. Next Mr. Thomson's gunbearer did the same for 
his man. The ceremony was finished by a small piece of 
meat being taken and rubbed in the dripping blood of each, 
aud each eating the piece that was wet with the other's 
blood. 

A most barbarous method of making brothers ! As we 
write it, we think of the simple and heavenly plan which God 
teaches to make a brotherhood -among all the human family. 
By obeying His law, we receive His Spirit which produces 
peace and love and makes all brothers and sisters and ready to 
suffer for each other, and if necessary, die for each other. 

This explorer thinks there is really more reason for an 
African chief having fat wives than civilized people are apt to 



:>5s 



"&*>, 





as 



CTTJ^Hi^riLE* I1TSTRUOTOE/, 



55 




imagine. They have not yet developed the art of making 
pleasant seats and cushions, he says, so they grow them. He 
found the wives, mothers and sisters of an important chief 
"all to be delightfully plump and fat." Fatness is considered 
a great point of beauty in those queenly personages. To keep 
them up to the proper weight they are fed almost entirely 
upon milk ; indeed, it was for their sole use that this chief 
kept his cows. 

This information may be of value to some of the parents 
of our Juveniles who are troubled because they are too lean. 
We have no doubt of the fattening properties of milk, and if 
plumpness be desirable, milk as a diet is a healthy and inex- 
pensive means of producing it. 

One important chief whom he met appeared to have more 
wives than he could manage. Mr. Thomson gave him a 
handsome present. His wives, not satisfied with the portions 
the chief gave them, quarreled among themselves. Not con- 
tent with this, they tell foul of the poor husband, took every 
yard of cloth from him, and even stripped him of the dress 
he wore. They kept the whole place in an uproar during the 
day. At last the unhappy chief, driven nearly mad, and not 
daring to pass the night in the town, fled, and slept out in the 
fields. The next morning he came to the explorer, and sadly 
pointing out the few rags his wives had left him, begged in 
the most abject manner a little more cloth. 

This scarcely accords with our ideas of the summary man- 
ner in which some of these African potentates treat their 
wives. But many of the tribes among whom Mr. Thomson 
traveled appeared to treat their women and people with 
humane kindness. 

.Mr. Thomson made some shrewd observations upon the 
labors of missionaries in Africa. One of their faults is to 
adopt an aggressive attitude. They preach a crusade, and 
declare that they have come to change all the old customs. 
This alarms the natives and arouses their suspicions. They 
refuse to have confidence in such people. He suggests that 
the missionary should show the natives that he has come for 
their good, by first ministering to their material wants. To 
commence by inculcating doctrines apart from all efforts at 
their material advancement is to throw away labor and valu- 
able time. He would have practical men as missionaries, 
men who have wide experience in the world and not merely 
that of theological colleges; men who are readier with their 
hands than their tongues : men who commend their doctrines 
by the influence of their lives rather than by warring upon 
those they seek to convert. These are the kind of men, and 
this the policy he recommends for the conversion of Africa. 

I!ur why Africa alone? Are they Dot what arc wanted the 

wide world over? ^.niong a degraded, ignorant people espec 
ially. practical men can do immense good by teaching them 
trades and o them how to build better bouses and to 

cultivate the earth to advantage. This is practical religion. 
A religion is .it little value which does doI teach men how to 
i are tor their bodies and to put to a right use the elements by 
which the are surrounded, The gospel, when properly 

mull r-t I and taught, comprehends all these duties and 

and those who embrace and follow up its teachings will 
nut only learn to understand doctrines, but they will make 
rapid i n in the ait- and sciences and in all material 
things. They will have beautiful cities, eleganl dwellings, 

admirably cultivated gardens and fields; and above all they 
will have that | caee and joy which come from above, and 

which make heaven the blissful abode of the pure and 
sanctified. 




WHAT YOU DO, DO WELL. 



"Why do you take such pains in cutting out 
these little figures?" asked May of her brother Ernest. 

"Because my teacher tells me that if a thing is 
worth doing at all, it is worth doing well," he replied. 

"Did he mean that we should try to do well 
even in trifles?" asked May. 

"Yes," answered Ernest, "because, as a great 
man once said, 'Perfection is no trifle.'" 

Ma)' sat looking at her brother, as, handling a 
pair of scissors, he carefully cut out figures of 
horses, dogs, pigs and various other animals. 

Three years afterwards she remembered this con- 
versation; for it happened at that time, that, her 
father having died, her widowed mother was left 
almost destitute, with a family of seven children 
to support. 

What should the poor woman do? At first she 
thought she would take in washing, then that she 
would try to keep a little shop. While she was 
hesitating, Mr. Mason, a brisk old gentleman, 
came to the door, and asked, "Where is the boy 
who cuts these figures and faces in profile?" 

One of his grandchildren had brought him 
home from school some specimens of Ernest's skill: 
and Mr. Mason saw at once that they were the 
work of a gifted and pains-taking artist. 

"You must mean my little Ernest," said the 
mother. "Poor little fellow! He little dreams 
what is coming. I shall soon have to take him 
away from school." 

"Why so ?" cried Mr. Mason. "Take him away 
from school? You shall do no such a thing. I'll 
nut allow it." 

"We are destitute, sir, and I have do means of 

support," said the mother with a sigh. 

"Nh means (if support ! Nonsense! With a boy 
in the bouse who can cut figures like that, do you 
say you have no means of support?" exclaimed 
Mr. Mason. "Good woman, I will insure your boy 

g I wages every week for the next year, if you 

will lit him come between scl l-hours, and cul 

pictures under my direction." 

Tin- rest of my story may soon be told; Er- 
in -i bi came the stall' ami stay of bis family. The 
little talent he had cultivated so carefully and 
diligently was the means of giving him nol onlj 
an honesl employment, bul a liberal support. He 
rose to distinction ; and hi.- productions were much 
sought after bj .-ill g I judges of art. 




Wctf^' 



I? 



56 



J" TT "VIE UNTIL IE IITSTR'UOTOR, 






GBORGE Q,. CANNON, 



KDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUAEY 15, 1883. 
EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




OT confined to a minister in New York is 
the belief that there may be repentance 
hereafter. The Rev. Henry M. Scudder 
was recently taxed in the Chicago Inter- 
Ocean with expressing hope for the sinner 
who dies in his sins. This called forth a 
communication from him in which he 
said: 

"1. I believe and teach that there is no 
hope for a man who refuses the salvation 
which is offered to him in Jesus Christ. 2. I 
believe that Christ went down into Hades, and 
preached to those who 'some time werj disobe- 
dient in the days of Noah.' This is the only 
case of future probation that I can find in the scrip- 
tures. .">. I think it right to hope that if there are 
similar cases there may be a similar exhibition of 
mercy." 

This would have been an astonishing statement of 
be"lief, if it had come from such a man forty years ago. He 
would have been reviled as a "Mormon." But during the 
past forty years the Latter-day Saints have been writing and 
preaching. Their doctrines have had their effect. Prejudice 
has fought and tried to destroy them. But simple, unadorned 
truth will win its way. Its onward march, as long as its 
believers and advocates live, is irresistible. Misrepresentation, 
falsehood and error flee from before its majestic presence, and 
hide themselves in the recesses where it has not penetrated. 

The doctrine of preaching to the spirits of men who have 
lived upon the earth, is one of the most glorious ever taught 
to man. Without an understanding of this principle man 
cannot comprehend the justice and mercy of God. Millions 
of people have lived and died without hearing the name of 
Jesus or understanding the principles of salvation. Shall 
they never hear these things? What shall be their fate? 
Until the Lord revealed the principle that all mankind must 
hear the gospel of Jesus, either in this world or the next, 
people were puzzled about this. Would it be just to send the 
heathen to hell, there to remain eternally, because they did not 
believe in Jesus and obey His gospel? How could they believe 
in Him whom they had never seen, and of whose existence 
they had no knowledge? How could they obey the gospel 
when they had never heard of the gospel ? 

Until the Lord taught the Prophet Joseph concerning these 
principles men inquired of one another in vain concerning the 
future fate of the heathen. Some said one thing and some 
another. But the generally received opinion was that they 
would go to hell. For how could they go to heaven, when 
the Lord has said that the Dame of Jesus is the only name 
given under heaven by which men can be saved? But by the 
revelations of the Lord, through His prophets, a flood of light 
has poured forth. As men reason upon these things, and 
become familiar with them, prejudice melts and the truth 
prevails. Men accept the new and truthful ideas; but will 
not acknowledge the source whence it comes. 



It is only a few days since the editor of a leading newspaper 
wrote the following concerning the ordinance of laying on of 
hands for the healing of the sick : 

"The annals of the Mormon Church abound in instances of 
alleged healing at the hands of devout Elders and laymen. In 
numerous cases that have occurred during the past few years, 
the names of witnesses, many of whom are not Mormons, 
have been published in order that the incredulous might com- 
municate with them in relation to the truthfulness of the pub- 
lished statements. An inquirer who has the curiosity to pursue 
this path of investigation will be astonished at the amount of 
testimony given by persons of apparent truth and sincerity in 
behalf of modern miracles." 

He continued, and said: 

"Persons are now living in and about this city [Chicago| 
who profess to have witnessed cures effected by Joseph Smith, 
the founder of the sect of Mormons." 

He closed his article by saying : 

"The time may come when great truths will be found under- 
lying many beliefs now classed as superstitions. The belief in 
miracles did much to advance Christianity at an early day. It 
has done much to advance and spread the doctrines of the 
Latter-day Saints. It may yet be adopted again by sects and 
people who now speak slightingly of it." 

There is good foundation for this last statement. Already 
what are called faith-cures or prayer-cures are frequently pub- 
lished in the papers. If we may believe the statements which 
are made, many persons who have had grave and dangerous 
maladies have been healed by the prayers of themselves and 
friends. There is evidently a growing belief that it is possible 
for people to be healed in this way. It is most likely that 
these cases will multiply. Elders of the Church will yet be told 
that the bestowal of the gifts upon those who repent and are 
baptized as Latter-day Saints is no evidence that this is the 
Church of Christ, for miracles are wrought by people of other 
churches. By this the hearts of the people will be hardened 
against the truth. The Prophet Joseph said that the devil, in 
order to deceive the people and to cause them to reject the work 
of God, would work many miracles, and his followers would 
even cause fire to apparently come down from heaven. 

It is very remarkable that the people of Christendom are 
gradually adopting the truths which the Prophet Joseph was 
inspired of the Lord to teach. Yet they will not acknowledge 
that he was a prophet. 

When the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was 
organized the whole religious world believed and taught that 
the Lord created the earth out of nothing — that He brought it 
into existence in six of our days by the fiat of His aim ighty will. 

The Prophet Joseph said these were errors. He taught the 
Saints that matter is eternal and can neither be brought into 
existence nor destroyed ; and the Lord organized the earth 
out of matter already existing. He also explained that the 
days referred to were not our days of twenty-four hours length, 
but the Lord's days. 

Many of your parents, children, remember how shocked 
religious people were to hear such ideas as these. They said 
they had the effect to make our Eternal Father less than He is ; 
and that the Prophet Joseph, in teaching these doctrines, 
spoke against His sacred majesty. But what a change do we 
behold ! Now the whole of the scientific world believe these 
truths as the prophet taught them, and a minister can scarcely 
be found who does not accept and teach them. They believe 
that the elements are eternal and that the six days spoken of 
in the Bible are long periods when measured by our time. 






l& 



*sS>afr 



-««<: 



M 




CTTJ^rSITILE I1TSTRTJCTOE, 



57 




One of the great objections brought against the Church in 
early days was that the belief in the ministering of angels 
was taught, and also that people who kept the commandments 
of God could have revelations from Him. Many and many a 
time our Elders were mobbed for teaching these doctrines 
from the Bible. But now what do we hear? Thousands of 
those who fought the Saints for teaching these principles have 
become Spiritualists. They would not accept the goslfel 
and receive the gifts in the way the Lord has ordained ; but 
they seek after spirits. They accept their revelations; they 
bow in wonder before this evil power. Belief in Spiritualism 
runs now through all the churches of Christendom, and it is 
no longer unpopular to believe that revelations can be received 
from the unseen world. But it is still unpopular to believe 
that God has a prophet through whom He speaks. God's 
plan does not suit man, so the devil furnishes him one that 
does suit him. 



We call this great change that is taking place to your atten- 
tion, readers of the Juvenile Instructor. It is worthy of 
note. There are but few Latter-day Saints; but they have 
the truth of God given to them. This is mighty. Its effect 
upon the world is wonderful. It is like a little leaven in a 
mass of dough. It keeps working until the whole lump is 
leavened. There were very many truths taught by the Pro- 
phet Joseph that the world kicked against and persecuted 
him and the Church for believing. But, wonderful to tell, 
there is scarcely one of these that is not believed in now in 
some form by thousands of people outside ol this Church. 
They still reject the means by which they were obtained, and 
will not acknowledge the priesthood, but they believe, in a 
certain way, the principles. And those which they do not 
believe are gradually working their way into notice and favor. 
The world is following the track of this Church. Slowly 
perhaps, but surely, it is adopting our thoughts and views. 
They are not conscious of this themselves, and the Latter-day 
Saints only perceive it when they compare the present with 
the past, and see the progress that has been made. 



What shall the future bring forth? If we may judge of 
that which will come by that which has come, then our little 
readers will behold wonderful changes. True doctrines and 
principles which God has revealed, but which the people now 
make fierce war against, will yet he accepted as correct. Even 
patriarchal or celestial marriage, now so hated and reviled and 
warred against, the world may believe and adopt — not as God 
has revealed it — not administered and controlled by the priest- 
hood ; but in their own corrupt way, and in accordance with 
plans of the devil's devising. He will get up an imitation of 
the true doctrine after awhile with which to deceive the 
people. That is the way he has worked in the past, and we 
need not be surprised if lie does it in the future. 



A DftUNK \IU>'s 'JVtimuny. 'Trllim i ill a benevolent 

visitor U) B poor drunkard, when urging him to abandon the 
intoxicating cup, "where was il that you took your lirsl sir], 
in this intemperate oonn i •''" "At my father's table," replied 
the unhappy man. "Before I left home tobeoome an appren- 
tice I acquired a love for the drink lb.it 1ih~ mined inc. The 

lir-t drop thai I evei tasted was banded me by my now poor, 
heart-broken mother." 




THE CHILDREN. 



Whex the lessons and tasks are all ended, 

And the school for the day is dismissed, 
And the little ones gather around me, 

To bid me "good-night" and be kissed : 
Oh the little white arms that encircle 

My neck in a tender embrace; 
Oh the smiles that are halos of heaven, 

Shedding sunshine of love on my face. 

And when they are gone 1 sit dreaming 

Of my childhood too lovely to last; 
Of love that my heart will remember, 

While it wakes to the pulse of the past, 
Ere the world and its wickedness made me 

A partner of sorrow and sin ; 
"When the glory of 3od was about me, 

And the glory of gladness witbin. 

Oh my heart grows as weak as a woman's, 

And the fountains of feeling will flow 
"When I think of the paths deep and stony, 

Where the feet of the dear ones must go; 
Of the mountains of sin hanging o'er them 

Of the tempest of fate blowing wild ; 
O, there's nothing on earth half so holy 

As the innocent heart of a child. ■ 

They are idols of hearts and of households; 

They are angels of God in disguise; 
His sunlight still sleeps in their tresses; 

His glory still gleams in their eyes. 
Oh, those truants from home and from heaven, 

Thpy have made me more manly and mild, 
And I know now how Jesus could liken 

The kingdom of God to a child. 

I ask not a life for the dear ones, 

All radiant, as others have done; 
But that life may have just enough shadow 

To temper the glare of the sun ; 
I would pray God to guard them from evil, 

But my prayer would bound back to myself; 
Oh a seraph may pray for a sinner, 

But a sinner must pray for himself. 

The twig is so easily bended, 

1 have banished the rule and the rod ; 
I have taught them the goodness of knowledge, 

They have taught me the wisdom of God. 
My heart is a dungeon of darkness, 

Where I shut them from breaking a rule; 
My frown is sufficient correction ; 

My love is the law of the school. 

I shall leave the whole house in the autumn, 

To traverse its threshold no more; 
Ah, how shall 1 sigh for the dear ones 

That mustered each morn at the doorl 

I s(:;,l| miss the ";,' l-nights" and the kisses. 

And the gogh of their innocent glee, 

The group on i in- green, and the Bowers 
That arc brought every morning to me, 

I bIiiiII miss them at noon and at eve. 

Their long in the pel 1 and the sired , 

I shall mi-s the low hum of their yoii I , 

A nd the tramp of their delicate feet 

\\ lo ii |he laSSOnS and tasks are all ended. 

\ ad death says, "The school i dismissed I" 

May the little ones gather around me, 

To bid me "g I-niglit" anil he ki-.ed. 

Charles Dickens. 



m 




58 



J-TJV^SISrilLiIE IITSTRTJOTOR, 



THE HOOPOE. 



\X TE see, in our engraving, a bird which is not common to 
' * this country, and of which many of our readers, per- 
haps, have never heard. This bird, called Hoopoe, because of 
its frequent utterance of a low,'- soft sound resembling the 
syllable hoop, is a native of Africa, Australia, the warm parts 
of Asia and its 
islands. It is, how- 
ever, frequently 
seen in the countries 
of Europe during 
the summer season, 
sometimes going as 
far north as Eng- 
land. In this latter 
country it generally 
seems inclined to 
remain and build 
its nest, but its 
bright plumage 
attracts the eye of 
the hunter, who 
mercilessly shoots 
it. 

The Hoopoe is 
in size a very little 
larger than the 
common blackbird 
and is conspicuous 
on account of its 
beautiful and varie- 
gated plumage. It 
has a long, pointed 
and slightly arched 
bill; the head and 
neck are of a golden 
buff color; the crest, 
which is raised 01 
depressed at pleas- 
ure, consists of two 
parallel rows of 
broad feathers, 
which are tipped 
with black, under- 
neath which is a 
bar of yellowish 
white ; the back is 
of a grayish color ; 
the shoulder and 
wing feathers are 
black, broadly 
barred with white, 
while the tail is 
also black with a 
white, zig-zag bar 
across the middle of the same. Its power of wing seems to 
be very feeble on ordinary occasions, but when pursued by 
the falcon it rapidly ascends to an extreme hight and is often 
enabled to thus effect an escape. 

Although the Hoopoe has a very pleasing appearance as it 
parades its showy plumage, its habits are very uncleanly. 
Observers agree in stating that it apparently takes delight in 
finding its food among the most abominable filth, this being 




especially the case in the winter months. During the sum- 
mer it eats worms, grubs and insects, upon which it fattens, 
and is then considered a dainty morsel in some countries of 
southern Europe. The nest, which is generally built in the 
hole of a wall or tree, is composed of the foulest material, 
but its condition becomes worse before the young are hatched 
out, as the female never leaves the nest but is fed regularly by 
=V3 ^_ "*&>, ' - tne ma ' e - 

The Arabs hold 
this bird in great 
reverence, be- 
ieving that it pos- 
sesses marvelous 
medicinal and other 
qualities. The head 
is used by these 
wanderers in all 
their charm-J, as it 
is said to possess 
peculiar properties, 
among which is 
that of protecting 
its possessor from 
the power of unseen 
spirits. 

A study of the 
works of God as 
seen in the myriads 
of living creatures 
on the land and in 
the water,assists us 
to form a slight 
conception of the 
majesty and su- 
preme wisdom of 
our Creator. 
Among the birds, 
the beasts or the 
inhabitants of the 
seas, there are no 
two species alike; 
nor are there any 
two animals of one 
of these species 
exactly similar. 
Yet they are all 
the creations of our 
Lord, He having 
made not only the 
highly-plumaged 
)ird, but also the 
humblest anima! 
that has an exist- 
ence. He also 
made man in His 
own image and 
gave him dominion "over the fish of thisea, and over the 
fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moves upon 
the earth ;" and all the return that God asked of mankind 
for these and other great blessings was that we should love, 
honor and obey Him. 



Those who have obtained the farthest insight into nature 
have been in all ages firm believers in God. 



.ftr® 



M 



m 



-"^<s 



CT TT "VIE UST 1 1L IE IUSTBUCTOR. 



59 




THE AGENCY OF MAN. 



BY S. WORTHIXGTON. 



IN noticing the characteristics of individual and collective 
society, the most casual observer cannot but be impressed 
with the differences in the disposition and character of man- 
kind. At no time or place will we find two naturesc.orresponding 
with each other in every particular, but, as each blade of grass 
differs from another, so is there some marked peculiarity 
belonging to each that stamps the individual character. All 
may, in a general sense, accept the same code of ethics, or 
morals, for their guidance in life, but owing to differences in 
our organization, nervous temperament, etc. , we find no two 
persons possessing the same disposition and traits of character. 
And who would have it otherwise? Would the happiness of 
mankind be increased if our tastes, ideas, and dispositions 
were of a uniform nature or kind? Would we desire all moun- 
tains to be of the same size and outline ? Houses all of the same 
architectural design? All flowers of the same hue and color? 
Why the most beautiful tune, performed by the most skillful 
musicians would become monotonous if unrelieved by the per- 
formance of other melodies. Everything in nature speaks to 
us of variety and change. No two birds sing the same tone. 
There are no two voices of the same sound. What a dead, 
monotonous thing, a uniformity in nature would be! There 
is no joy, no blessing, no reward, but is enhanced in value to 
its possessor by the experience of its opposite. But we are 
drifting from our subject — the agency and responsibility 
of man. 

Good and evil are before us in endless shapes continually. 
Some persons give way to one evil, some to another. Some 
overcome temptation; others fall by the wayside. But what 
is temptation? And what relatiou do temptation and our con- 
duct in life bear to each other? "When we say men are mis- 
led by external circumstances of temptation, it cannot but be 
understood tlat there is somewhat within themselves to render 
those circumstances temptations, or to render them susceptible 
of impression from them ; so when we say misled by passions, 
it is always supposed that there are occasions, circumstances. 
and objects, exciting those passions and affording means for grati- 
fying them."* Accepting what Butler says to be true, we find 
that there are conditions and circumstances necessary to be 
brought about, before there can be a temptation, or any one 
be Ba8ceptible of being tempted. 

Man, in the formation of his character, is not a passive, 
but an active agent. He can choose good or subject himself 
to the influence of evil, if he possesses his reason and lias 
reached years of accountability. According as he docs one or 
the other, so will his power to do good be multiplied or 
diminished ; BO will his power to resist evil be weakened Or 
strengthened. A temptation implies an object which excites 
the desire or gratification of sunn- passion or propensity exist- 
ing in the individual that i- tempted. Bui doeB ii not also 
imply, that to give way. or to yield to the desire is wrong? 
Man is a oreatnre of passions, it is true. And surely the gra 
tificatioc of these. passions cannot, ol itself, be an evil. A 
person, wlwn hungry, has a desire for food. No one condemns 
him for •-:■ t i n ir. But who does not mm away with feelings of 
disgust from the feast of a glutton? Pood, to him, it ■ temp- 
tation. It excites within him a desire to gratify hi* unnatural 
appetite. In yielding to that appetite, instead of resisting it, 



• Butler's Analogy. 



lies his sin. Certain diseases might be alleviated by partaking 
of liquor, and under these conditions no one would be blamed 
for using it. But to him who habituates himself to its use, 
liquor is a temptation. It excites within him a desire to gra- 
tify his craving for it. But this desire and his craving have 
been brought about through his own indulgence (also, perhaps 
through hereditary influences) in spirituous liquors. And so 
we might go on enumerating instances, and show that what 
presents itself to us as a temptation, does so because of some 
unholy desires existing within us which have been brought 
about by the want of a proper control over the passions with 
which we are endowed. Aristotle says: "Nothing is good 
only as it is rightly used." 

What an intelligent being man has it in his power to become! 
Alas ! through the abuse of the God-given qualities with which 
he is endowed, how sunken and degraded he often becomes! 
Woman, the fairest specimen of God's handiwork, what an 
angel of love and of peace she has it in her power to be! But 
oh, to what a loathsome and degraded condition does she 
sometimes sink ! The victim alike of her unholy desires and 
of man's treachery and lust. 

The world is full of sin and suffering, brought about by a 
wrong use of the faculties with which mankind are blessed. 
Reader, are you ever tempted to commit a wrong? Look 
within your own heart and ask yourself if it is not owing to 
some unnatural desire or passion that has been placed there 
through your own conduct ; if so, g'ive it place no longer. Con- 
trol it, while you have the power. If you do not, it may con- 
trol you. You have your agency, it is true. You can choose 
good or evil. But if you choose the evil, you cannot receive 
the good. Upon your choosing depends your eternal happi- 
ness. There is no true satisfaction gained by a vicious course 
of life, but the rewards of virtue are many. Christ, who 
knew the weakness of human nature, told His disciples to ask 
God to let them uot go into temptation. Let us so live that 
the desires of our hearts and the gratification of our passions 
may be brought in subjection to the divine will of Him in 
whose image we are made. 



MODERN ENGLAND AND 
COLONIES. 



HER 



IIV 



FROM the first settling of the North American colonic, 
the relations between Europe and America were such that 
every great revolution occurring in the parent country had its 

due I'fl'ect in the colonies. 

In 1688, just sixty-eight years after the Bailing of the pil- 
grims another famous departure took place from the I of 

Holland. It was that of William. Prince of Orange, ing 

to deliver England from tyranny, and give a new course to 
English history. A. powerful fleet and army sailed with the 
prince, the wicked and foolish King .lames fled from the 

people he 1 1 : i < 1 so long misruled, and William, I'lince of 

Orange, with Mary his wife, were proclaimed joint king and 

queen ol' Kiil' land. 

W'uh the revolution of 1688, a new spirit appears in Eng- 
land Hitherto ESnglish philosophy and literature were almost 

unknown upon i he continent. It wa i only after the revolution 
that we hear of foreigners visiting England, learning English 
and seeking to understand English hie and character, Thus 



5K 





GO 



CTTJ-VEnsriLE I^STBUGTOB. 




on the eve of the eighteenth century English ideas took a 
great stride forward. The people instead of the king became 
the virtual rulers of the nation. 

The preceding age had done its work. It had given to the 
world the philosophy of Newton, the literature of Shakespeare, 
and Addison, Pope and Swift, the political agitation of Crom- 
well, and the colonization of America. The avenues of know- 
ledge were thus opened to the masses. Even the dullest and 
most backward minds began to have notions of literature and 
the discoveries of science. The ancient forms of royalty and 
chivalry had lost their prestige and stood in the shady back- 
ground of the past. A new world of citizens henceforth 
occupies the ground, attracts the gaze, imposes its ideas on 
the public manners and stamps its image on the minds of men. 
In 1709 appeared the first newspaper, a sheet as big as a man's 
hand which the editor did not know how to fill. At the present 
time there are more than 100,000,000 copies of newspapers 
published in the English language annually, many of which 
contain more reading matter in a single number than the whole 
New Testament scriptures. With the increase of intelligence 
the power of the people began to be felt. 

Increased intelligence brought political reforms, and these 
in turn were followed by a reform in morals and manners. 
During the reign of the Stuarts the morals of the people had 
been extremely low. As an illustration might be mentioned 
the disrespect shown to the clergy. A parish priest was only 
permitted to dine at the second table after his superiors (?) 
had been served. He might fill himself with the beef and 
cabbage, but did not dare to touch the better dishes until 
invited to do so by the hostess. A law had been passed 
during the reign of Charles II., that no clergyman should 
marry a servant-girl without the consent of her mistress. 
Most of the prominent statesmen during the previous half 
century were unbelievers in any form of religion. Such were 
the irreligious tendencies of theasre, that drunkenness and foul 
talk were considered no reproach to Robert Walpole, prime 
minister of England. Purity of life was sneered at by the 
nobility as "out of fashion." For example Lord Chesterfield 
in his letters to his son (which were designed for publication) 
instructs him in the art of seduction, as part of a polite 
education. 

At the lower end of the social scale lay the masses of the 
extremely poor. They were ignorant and brutal to a degree 
which it is hard to conceive. The manufacture of gin and 
rum had been discovered in lf>S4; and intemperance overran 
the nation as a plague. Tavern-keepers, on their sign-boards, 
invited the people to come and get drunk for a penny. For 
two pence they might get dead drunk and have "a place to 
lie down with no charge for straw.'' Much of this social 
degradation was due, without doubt, to the apathy and sloth of 
the religious teachers. 

Such was the condition of society when a remarkable 
religious revival began in a small knot of Oxford students, 
whose revolt against the wickedness of the times expressed 
itself in enthusiastic religious worship and an austere and 
methodical regularity of life, that gave them the nickname of 
Methodists. 

Of these students, three soon attracted special attention 
by their religious fervor and even extravagance. One of these, 
George Whitfield, became the greatest orator. His voice was 
soon heard in the wildest and most barbarous corners of the 
land, among the bleak moors of Northumberland, in the dens 
of London, and in the dark and gloomy mines of Cornwall. 
Whitfield's preaching was such as England had never heard 



before, theatrical, extravagant, sometimes common-place, but 
winning favor by its earnestness and deep tremulous sympathy 
for the sins and sorrows of mankind. 

He was no common enthusiast who could so eloquently plead 
the cause of the erring and unfortunate as to draw out the 
lpst cent from the cool and calculating Franklin, and command 
admiration from the fastidious and skeptical Horace Walpole; 
or who could look down, from the top of a green knoll at 
Kingswood, on twenty thousand colliers, grimy from the 
Bristol coal-pits, and see as he preached, the tears making 
white channels down their blackened cVeeks. 

On the rough and ignorant masses to whom they spoke, the 
effect of Whitfield and his co-workers was mighty both for 
good and ill. Their preaching stirred a passionate hatred in 
the hearts of their opponents. Their lives were often in 
danger ; they were mobbed, ducked, stoned and smothered 
with filth; but the enthusiasm they aroused among their fol- 
lowers was equally intense. 

Very important to the cause was Charles Wesley, a student 
at Oxford, who came as the sweet singer of the movement. 
His hymns expressed the fiery zeal of its converts, in lines so 
chaste and beautiful that many of the cultured classes were 
numbered among the adherents of the movement. 

But most important of all was the elder brother John 
Wesley, an ordained minister of the Church of England, who 
by his learning, energy and power of organization gave stab- 
ility to the movement. No man of that age surpassed him in 
self-denial and trust in God. With all his extravagance and 
superstition, Wesley's mind was essentially practical and 
orderly. He, beyond most men of his age, saw that he lacked 
divine authority to found a church. Hence to the last he 
clung passionately to the Church of England, and looked upon 
the sect he had formed as only a lay society or branch in full 
communication with the parent church. 

For a long time he would not permit his co-workers to 
administer the sacrament of the Lord's supper; as he con- 
sidered they did not possess the requisite authority. Wesley 
saw with wonderful clearness a fact that no one of that age 
perceived or, if they did, had not the moral courage to declare. 
He perceived the universal as well as the total apostasy of the 
so-called Christian church. In his 94th sermon he says: "The 
real cause why the extraordinary gifts of the Holy Ghost were 
no longer to be found in the Christian church was because the 
Christians were turned, heathen again, and had only a dead 
formleft." In another place he says : "A utring of opinions 
is no more Christian faith, than a string of beads is Christian 
holiness." The justifying faith which he considered so essen- 
tial and taught so earnestly, implied a personal revelation — an 
inward evidence of Christianity. Thus he unconsciously yet 
logically taught the insufficiency of the ancient scriptures as a 
guide to salvation. It also implied the need of new and con- 
tinuous revelation as necessary for the vitality and growth of 
the church. Wesley continued his labors for upwards of fifty- 
two years, traveling and preaching until within a short time of 
his death, which occurred in his eighty-eighth year. At the 
time of his death his followers numbered more than one hundred 
thousand. Now they are estimated at nearly eight millions. 

It was the teachings and practices of the Puritans, the 
Quakers and the Methodists that gave to England that great 
moral impulse which led to the establishment of Sunday 
schools by Robert Raikes of Gloucester, the reforming of 
prisons by John Howard, and the abolition of the slave 
trade by William Wilbsrforce. The ardor and perseverance 
which these men showed in behalf of the poor, the wronged 



-,<5®P 



M 



32 



CTTT^TIEIKriXjIE I1TSTBUCTOR. 



61 



and the afflicted, excited a wave of human sympathy through- 
out the length and breadth of the civilized world. It is from 
this time that may be dated the commencement of charity 
schools, foundling hospitals, insane asylums and other institu- 
tions of benevolence for which English-speaking people are 
now so famous. 

While the moral and religious movements were in progress, 
others of a political or scientific nature, were pressing forward 
with rapid strides. Amid the tumult of these times, James 
Brindley was quietly making England a net work of canals. W att 
was silently perfecting his invention of the steam-engine and 
Adam Smith was working out the great problem of political 
and industrial economy, which has made England and her 
colonies the leading commercial and manufacturing countries 
of the world. 

Meanwhile John Hargreaves, Richard Arkwright and 
Samuel Crompton. by their inventions were revolutionizing 
the art of spinning and weaving. However, these ingenious 
devices would have done but little had it not been for the new 
and inexhaustible labor force of the steam engine which had 
then come into general use, One of the first effects was to 
develop the iron manufactures of England. Previous to 
1750. England and her colonies imported four-fifths of their 
iron goods from Sweden; now they produce more than four- 
fifths of all the iron used in the world. 

The influence of the steam engine and spinning jenny on 
the civilization of England is beyond human calculation. 
Mines were developed, manufactories established and the 
whole national industry so increased that the population of 
England was twice doubled in less than fifty years. At the 
same time agriculture was so improved that one-sixth of the 
people raised food for the remainder. 

While these events were transpiring in England they had 
their due influence in the colonies. Europe saw for the first 
time a state growing up amidst the forests of the west, where 
religious freedom bail become complete. Religious tolerance 
had been brought about by strange circumstances — a medley 
of religious sects Mich as the world had never seen before. 
New England was the stronghold of the Puritans. In some 
of the southern colonies the Episcopal church was established 
by law and the bulk of the settlers clung to it. The Roman 
Catholics formed a large majority in Maryland. Pensylvania 
was a state of Quakers Presbyterians and Baptists fled from 
persecution to colonize New Jersey, Lutherans and Moravians 
from Germany abounded among the settlers of Georgia, and 
the persecuted Huguenots of Prance bad fled from their 
native land tn the forests "l Carolina. In sueh a obaos of 
creeds, religious per ution was well nigh impossible. 

As there were but few large fortunes among t In; oolonists, 
so nearly all had He' -mne social standing and privileges. 
Education was general. It was the proud boast of many of 
the colonies that every man and woman could read and write. 

Sueh was the condition of the colonies in I7i v , when 
Montesquieu, the wisest and must reflecting statesman of 
Prance, deolared thai a free, prosperous and greal people 
were forming in the forests of Amerioa. The hereditary 

dynasties of the old world were all uncoir-riiiiis of the rapid 

growth of tlii- power, whioh was soon to involve them in its 
new and prevailing influence. The hour of revolution was at 
hand, promising freedom to conscience and dominion to intelli- 
gence. Prom the fragments of European jooiety fragments 
thai in some instances had I i nsidered worthies 

humanity in the providence of God Was building up a self 

governitiL' and democratic dominion. 



About the middle of the eighteenth century occurred three 
famous battles which did much to determine the destinies of 
men for ages to come. The first of these, was the great 
victory achieved by English arms on the plains of Plassey, 
June 23, 1757, which laid the foundation of the empire of 
British India, an empire which comprises more than one 
hundred and twenty millions of people. The second was the 
victory of Rossbach, which determined the re-union of the 
German states and laid the foundation of the present German 
empire. The third was the triumph of Wolfe on the plains 
of Abraham, September 13, 1759, for with it virtually began 
the history of the United States. France had ever been an 
enemy whose dread had knit the colonists together and to the 
mother country, England. By wresting Canada from her 
grasp and breaking through the line with which France had 
barred the British colonists from the basin of the Mississippi, 
Pitt laid the foundation of the great republic of the West. 
Hitherto the possessions of France in North America had 
been twenty times as vast as those of England ; henceforth 
they were destined to dwindle into insignificance and eventually 
become extinct. 

The close of the Seven Years War, which ended at the 
peace of Paris 1763, was a turning point in the history of the 
world. England was no longer a mere European power. 
Her future action lay in a wider sphere than that of Europe. 
Mistress of North America, the future mistress of India, 
claiming as her own the empire of the seas, Britain suddenly 
towered high above rival nations whose interest and position, 
being on a single continent, doomed them to comparative 
insignificance in the after history of mankind. 

It is this that gives to William Pitt so peculiar a position 
among the statesmen of the world. It was his faith, his 
daring — shall we not say his inspiration that called the English 
people to a sense of the destiny that lay before them. 

With England on one side and her American colonies on 
the other, the Atlantic was dwindling into a mere strait 
within the British realms; but beyond it to the westward 
lay a vast ocean where the British flag was almost unknown. 
True the Pacific ocean had been discovered by Balboa in 1513 
and crossed by Magellen in 1521. Dutch voyagers hail dis- 
covered that "Great Southern Laud" which they had named 
New Holland and also the northern extremity of New Zea- 
land. But these discoveries had remained unheeded for more 
than a century. 

It was not till 1768 that under Pitt's direction Captain Cook 
was sent into the Pacific ocean on a voyage of discovery, lie 
discovered the Sandwich Islands circumnavigated New Zea- 
land and took possession of Australia or New Holland in the 
name of the English king.- The reports which he published 
of that vast ocean and those far-off islands, of their coral 
reel's and palms, and bread-fruit, and gum tree-, and kanga 
rOO', and tatooed warriors awoke an interest in the minds of 
the English concerning this world of wonder.-. They saw in 
till this a vasl leilin opened for the expansion of the English 
race, and Knglish civilization. 

While these leadinc events were transpiring around thoin 

t«o remarkable persons were developing in the American col 

Onies. One of these was (Icorce Washington, the other 

Benjamin Franklin. 
Washington was born in 1732, his father, a gentleman of 

good fortune, died when his future illustrious son was only 
eleven years of ace I'pon Washington's mother devolved 

the care of hi- early education. She was a devout woman, 
of excellent eli-e and deep alfcelions, yet of a temper which 



§g 



£222?; 




63 



j-u^rzEn^riniiiE] uststbuotoE;. 




could brook do shadow of insubordination. Under her rule 
— gentle and yet strong, George learned obedience and self- 
control. In boyhood he gave remarkable promise of those 
excellencies which distinguished his mature years. His per- 
sou was large and powerful. He was accustomed to labor 
which gave him endurance to perform the work that lay before 
him. His education was limited to the common English 
branches, mathematics and land surveying, In his eight- 
eenth year he was employed by the government as surveyor 
of public lands. Many of his measurements are still on 
record, and long experience has established their unvarying 
accuracy. A massive intellect and an iron strength of will 
were given to him, with a gentle, loving heart, dauntless cour- 
age, and loftiness of purpose. He possessed, in a wonderful 
degree, clear perceptions of his duty, and a deep insight into 
the wants of his time. 

While Washington's boyhood was being passed on the 
banks of the Potomac, Benjamin Franklin was toiling hard in 
the city of Philadelphia to earn an honest livelihood. He 
edited a newspaper, bound books, made ink, sold rags, soap 
and coffee. He was a thriving man, but he was not ashamed 
to convey along the streets in a wheelbarrow the paper which 
he bought for the purpose of his trade. As a boy, he had 
been studious and thoughtful. As a man, he was prudent, 
sagacious and trustworthy. When he had earned a 'moderate 
competency he ceased to labor at his business. Henceforth 
be labored to serve his fellow-men. Philadelphia owes to 
Franklin her university, her hospital, and her first and greatest 
library. 



THE REFORMERS. 



npHE principles of religious freedom which WicklifFe taught 
*■ and so valiantly defended in England also exerted an 
influence on the minds of other reformers, who lived both 
inside and outside of the British dominions. Principal 
among these may be named 

JOHN BUSS, 
the renowned Bohemian reformer and martyr, who was born 
at Hussinecz, a market village, in the southern part of 
Bohemia, and not far from the Bavarian frontier. Several 
dates have been given by different authors as the probable 
timeof his birth, but the one generally accepted is July tith, 1369. 
His parents although of the peasant class, were comfortably 
situated. The father died while John wa-s still young and the 
care of the offspring therefore devolved upon the mother, 
who succeeded in giving the future martyr a good elementary 
education. At the age of twenty-two years he began to 
lecture, and there is reason to believe that the philosophical 
writings of Wickliffe, with which he had for some time been 
acquainted, were his text books. His lectures were of such a 
nature as to gain for him the favor of the authorities and the 
people, and led to his appointment as curate of a chapel. 
The duties of this office compelled him to study the scriptures, 
and it was while doing this that he became acquainted with 
the theological writings of the English reformer, which made 
an enduring impression upon him. The university of Prague 
which had been established in 1348 accepted him as master of 
arts when he was only twenty- seven years old, and in the year 
1403, he became its rector. 

Notwithstanding that Huss had harbored thoughts of 
reform and often expressed his sympathy for the persecuted 



Wickliffe previous to this time, yet he did not gain the 
acknowledged displeasure of his priestly superiors, nor does it 
appear that he had matured his plans for reform, because he 
was appointed with two other masters from the university to 
examine into certain reputed miracles at Wilsnack near 
Wittenberg, which had caused that church to be a resort for 
pilgrims from all parts of Europe. The results of these inves- 
tigations were that pilgrimages from Bohemia were forbidden, 
and Huss wrote an article in which he prounounced the doc- 
trine of signs following the believer as false, and urged people 
to cease expecting them ; thus he manifested his ignorance of 
doctrines which the Bible repeatedly advocates, and which he 
subsequently acknowledged. 

The opinions and belief of Huss becoming more extensively 
known and he being fearless in his denunciations of clerical 
abuses, the clergy of the city made a formal complaint against 
him. The charges were to the effect that he had hinted that 
the Antichrist might be found in Rome; he had spoken disre- 
spectfully of the church, and had continued to speak of 
Wickliffe as a pious, good man and as an orthodox teacher. 
An inquisitor was appointed to examine into the matter, and 
through his influence Pope Alexander V. issued a bull dated 
December 20th, 1409, in which he ordered solemn renuncia- 
tion of all Wickliffite heresies and a surrender of all his writ- 
ings, while at the same time preaching was prohibited in 
every chapel except those appointed by the papal authorities. 
This decree caused some agitation in Prague and called forth 
an article from Huss appealing to the better judgment of 
the pope, but it had no effect upon the so-called representa- 
tive of God on the earth. In the following year all the 
books of Wickliffe which had been gathered were publicly 
burned in the court-yard of the archbishop's palace, and the 
reformer with his friends was solemnly excommunicated. 
But this only tended to raise him in the estimation of his 
countrymen who began to look upon him as a sufferer for the 
truth, and he continued to preach with unabated zeal. 

Such persecutions and injustice finally led the king, queen 
and many nobles to make an appeal to the pope in behalf of 
Huss, but this instead of being effective only caused the ban to be 
pronounced anew, and an interdict was laid on all places that 
should give him shelter. In May, 1412, an emissary of the 
pope, arrived in Prague and commenced to arouse the people 
under fear of papal vengeance to reject all teachings which 
were contrary to the established creed, and to oppose all 
preachers not appointed by the church ot Rome. The 
stringency of the measures adopted induced Huss, on the 
advice of the king, to whose wife Huss was confessor, to with- 
draw from Prague, while a reconciliation was attempted by a 
commission which had been appointed for that purpose. But 
the efforts of this body of men were ineffectual. Huss, in 
the meantime, had continued to preach in the villages and 
hamlets of his native country, and also wrote a book entitled 
"On the Church" (De Eeclesia) which subsequently furnished 
the most of the material for the capital charges brought 
against him. 

During the year 1413 arrangements were made for a council 
of the clergy to be held in Constance, the objects of which 
were to be the restoration of church unity and a reform of 
the head and members of the church. Bohemian affairs, 
however, having assumed such alarming dimensions also 
formed an important part in the programme of proceedings. 
In order to effectually crush out the spirit of reform, the 
instigator of the same was summoned before the council, it 
being the general belief that if he could be hushed his 




i£ 



GTTJVE^ILB IITSTE/UOTOB. 



63 



3K 



followers would soon cease to be known. Huss was also very 
glad to have an opportunity to defend himself in a public 
assembly, although he felt that in going to Constance he was 
going to his death. But these premonitions did not deter 
him from starting, as previously arranged, ou the 14th of 
October, 1414. He had taken every precaution in obtaining 
passports, and had even received the imperial "safe-conduct," 
a writing from the king which was to protect him even should 
he be convicted of heresy or any other crime. Both the spirit 
and letter of this "safe-conduct" were violated, as, on Novem- 
ber 28th, its bearer was seized and thrown into prison before any 
accusation had been made against him ; nor did the king 
(Sigismund) protest against the act, but allowed Huss to 
remain in confinement for fear that his release might cause 
the adjournment of the council. 

December 4th, the pope appointed three bishops to procure 
witnesses and try the prisoner, and he was not even allowed 
the privilege of employing an agent in his defense. These 
bishops were so slow in their researches that it was June 5th, 
of the following year before Huss and his writings were 
brought into open court. These investigators had, however, 
previous to this time given an evidence of their prejudice by 
condemning in strong terms the doctrines of Wickliffe and by 
causing Huss to be more closely confined. As the reformer 
attempted to defend himself his voice was drowned in the 
cries of his opposers and he was obliged to resume his seat. 
He calmly closed his remarks by saying: "In such a council 
as this I had expected lo find more propriety, piely and 
order." The sitting was then adjourned till June 7th, when 
order prevailed, probably owing to the fact that the emperor 
was present in person. On this day Huss stoutly denied having 
left the Catholic church, but stated that he could not sustain 
all the teachings and practices of the same; he also expressed 
his hearty admiration of the English reformer. He refused 
to yield unqualified submission to the council, but promised 
to change his belief where it could be proved to him that it 
was incorrect. On the 8th, he was asked first, to humbly 
declare that he had erred in all articles cited against him ; 
second, he should promise on oath not to teach them again; 
third, he should publicly recant them. On declining to 
accede to these requests the brave man was removed from the 
bar, and it was very evident that his doom was sealed unless 
he should deny what he had previously so nobly upheld. 

After the events above recorded Huss was allowed some 
little time in which to reflect upon his position, but the longer 
he thought about his fate, the more firm he became in his 
honest convictions. It was July Oth, when ho was again 
brought into court to receive his sentence which was delivered 
in the presence of the king, his nobles and many church dig- 
nitaries. The next day (July Tth, 1415), he was led to the 
stake; the fagots were piled around him and he was again 
asked to recant; but his lirui answer was "Cod is my wit- 
in-- that I never taught or preached that which foolish wit- 
have testified against inc. lie knows that the great 
object of my teaching, acts and writing was to convert no n 
from ,-,in. In the truth of thai gospel which hitherto I have 
written, taught and preached I now joyfully die." With 
these Words t In- lire was kindled, and when the flumes had 
done tie ir offioe his ashes, and even the soil whereon the 
burning pile stood were carefully removed anil thrown into the 
Khine. 

Thus perished one of the noblest Reformers a man who 
banded the burning toroh of reform Irom Wiokliffe to Luther. 

Although but forty-six year- old at the time of his death, no 



m ■ 



man in Europe had become so renowned, nor was there 
another who possessed more true friends. Huss was not so 
much praised on account of his mental acquirements as for 
the candor with which he formed his convictions, the tena- 
city with which he held them, and the unselfish enthusiasm 
with which he spoke them. 

The impression, however, which the martyr made upon the 
minds of his countrymen did not terminate at his death, for 
on the arrival of the news in Bohemia that Huss had been 
burned, the fire of indignation was kindled within the breasts 
of the majority. The people attacked the emissaries of the 
pope and murdered several, while upwards of four hundred 
barons and magnates of Prague signed a protest , against this 
act of barbarity. The pope, on the other hand, laid the 
Hussites under ban, which act widened the breach that had 
been made, and finally led to an open rupture, known as the 
Hussite War. This conflict commenced in 1420 and was not 
brought to an end until the year 1431, when in a council held 
at Basel, Switzerland, peace was declared. 

The principal demands of this sect were that the clergy 
"might be recalled from the pursuit of wealth and power to a 
life and conduct becoming the successors of the apostles; and 
that the word of God might be preached in its purity and 
simplicity to the people, not according to the ideas of men, 
but according to the written word." 

All the followers of Hu<s were ardent in their admiration 
of him, but they differed very materially on many points of 
doctrine. This diversity of opinion led to divisions among 
the members of the sect, but did not effect its extinction pre- 
vious to the time when Luther's doctrines were brought 
before the public. 



In the best books, great men talk to us, with us and give 
us their most precious thoughts. Books are the voices of the 
distant and the dead. Books are the true levelers. They 
give to all that will faithfully use them, the society and 
presence of the best and greatest of our race. No matter how 
poor I am; no matter though the prosperous of my own time 
will not enter my obscure dwelling, if learned meu and poets 
will enter and take up their abode under my roof — if .Milton 
will cross my threshold to sing to me of paradise, and Shakes- 
peare open to me the wor'd of imagination and the workings 
of the human heart, and Franklin enrich me with his praotioal 
wisdom — 1 shall not pine for want of intellectual companion- 
ship, and I may become a cultivated man, though excluded 
from what is called the best society in the place where I live. 

Nothing can supply the place of hooks. They are cheering 
and soothing eomapnions in solitude, illness, or affliction. The 
wealth of both continents could not compensate lor the eoud 
they impart. Let every man, if possible, gather some good 

books under his roof, and obtain access lor himself ami family 
to some social library. Almost any luxury should he sacri 
ficed to this. 



Nature. Nothing surely can lie better adapted to turn 

man's thoughts off his own self siilliciency than the works of 
nature. Wherever he rests his attention, he will discover 
OOnvincing evidei of his own ignorance, and at the same 

time the omnipotence of a first great Cause will be impressed 

on his mind, and influence his understanding. 



f^ 



32 




JUTElsTILB INSTE/TJOTOB. 



=«6K 



GOO D NIGHT 



By E. Stephens. 



Andante. 




Moderate con moto. 



zzJ^zz3z*zzzSz 



ss=£ 



I N 



:2:w 






=P 



1 



Good night,good night good night. Good nigbt,kind friends, the hour is late, 'Tis time for us to part; 0, 

Good night, kind friends, may slumber sweet Bring dreams of pure delight, Un- 



r-g- gz_nzlz 



* O T, 'T 1 -- 



-t~q 









-t^— »-v — 1 »- 



-<*—m~ 



— c_-)_ 



- i* i * 



• • 






good night, 



*« 8-3 hrS«- 




— *— ^' — ^ -J — « 1 «-»-g— ■-•^-•-'J '- .— =i ^— =i ' * ■ 



may the strains wegai-ly singGivejoy to ev' - ry heart. Ti'a la la trala la trala la la Ja la tra la 

til a - gain in joy we meet, We wish you all good night. 



mc?wzw&m—mz 



p^zzpz^aczzUz^z\zzzz±zz~tfz 



* * 



i-^zi^lz-Alzp-pz 
good night. 



_«_«_ 



s ft s \ 






.^p£ 



-^ 5»- 



-''->-<&** 



la la la la la la la 



"-=1 — »_.»— «-a — »-f» T «i> »-^ — »-»-+»— =.-m-m-m— =-»-» *-- •— m * — *— • *^ — •— • — *-3-*4»-»— ■ 



la trala la trala la la la la trala la trala la trala la la la la trala la trala la la la. 



.M-m-m «*_.-* • *_«_*__,«_ 



« * 



-m*M.4 






^=rt?ztz=t2z=.v'tzdj 



Zz$zzte=%ttezzzqptt'Szg»@L 



*y- 



*r 



* -*■- 



la la la la la la 



w— •— 4'»-« 



.«_*_,* (*__.-« = * 









"LOOK BEFORE YOU LEAP." 



BY J. C. 



Life's path is crooked here below, 

With many swamps and snares, 
And suited well that you may know 

Enough of worldly cares; 
But, let this truth be borne in mind, 

That many ills you reap 
Would ne'er be yours were you inclined 

To "look before you leap." 

'Tis weak and foolish, rash and wrong 

To trust man as your stay, 
The sage of gifts and reason strong 

Has often gone astray ; 
Think fur yourself and wisely scan 

The paths you ought to keep, 
And, day \>y day, adopt the plan 

To "look before you leap." 

Whether you climb life's dark hillside 

Or wander in its vale, 
Evil is there, with ready stride, 

Your manhood to assail ; 
And be it yours to scale the height 

Or cross the current deep, 
You'll find the maxim safe and right 

To "look before you leap." 



We do not think or mean to say 

That pow'r to you is given 
To walk your own appointed way 

Heedless of help from heaven; 
Yet sure it is, as time or tide, 

That, if you'd soundly sleep, 
Our theme and text you must abide 

To "look before you leap." 



The solution of the Enigma published in No. 2 is Richard: 
the words the initials of which form the name are, Rack, 
Iodine, Cover. Hail. Alfred, Raven. Dover. It was correctly 
answered by Xepbi Savage, Payson, S. A. White, Willard. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory* 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEOBGE Q. CAMVOK, 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 
Office, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks west of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




25 



