w& 




VOL XI 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 15, 1876. 



NO. 4. 



-A. 1ST C I El 3ST T ARMOR 



IN our last number we pave a view nf the Tower of London, 
and promised our readers something more concerning it. 
Herewith we give a partial view of the interior of the armory, 
contained in the Tower. The armory is one of the most 
interesting and curious parts of the Tower for visitors. 
Various styles of armor used in different ages are ihere 
exhibited, some dating back many hundred years Of 



But a man might protect himself by wearing armor. On 
his feet he wore a pair of shoes made of steel; these were 
joined to the greaves or shin pieces, which were plates of steel 
fastened to leather leggings, so the man's legs and feet were 
protected from injury. Above the knees he had thigh-pieces 
and breech mail, and a cuirass or breastplate; his arms were 
covered in the same way as his legs and he wore gauntlets or 





course it is of no further use now, only as a curiosity, as 
the mode of warfare at the present time i- entirely different 
to what it was five or six centu ies ago. 

In aneient times, when nations went to battle they fought 
with bows and arrows, battle-axes, clubs, spears, and swords, 
These weapons, in the hands of strong men were likely to 
wound or kill their enemies. 



iron gloves to protect his hands; his head and neck were pro- 
tected by a helmet or ran of steel; and over his face h« cold 
draw a mask or visor. Tins warlike dress W8S worn OVBr the 

ordinary clothes; the plates ofste I were jointed, so that a 
in in could use Ids arms and hands for fighting purposes. 

Hut tin' must important piece of armor was the shield. It 
wa> often a frame of wood, strongly made and covered with 





38 



J" TJ "V B 1ST I L E IUSTBUCTOR. 







leather, which had been dried in the sun and made exceedingly 
tough and hard. Sometimes it was a large plate of steel or 
iron, which was polished on the outside, and rubbed with oi'.i 
to keep it from rusting, and to make the arrows glance easily 
to the ground. 

These shields were of various shapes and sizes; sometimes 
they were large enough to hold a wounded man while he was 
carried from the battle-field; but some were quite small. They 
were strapped to the soldier's left arm at the wrist, and near 
the elbow. 

Of course, many other styles of armor were formerly in use 
besides that we have just described, and a great many of them 
are exhibited in the Tower. In England it was formerly called 
"harness," and very clumsy harness some styles appear to be 
too. Armor in different ages has consisted of a covering of 
leather for the body; leathern helmets; scale armor, formed by 
overlapping leaves or scales of leather; cuirasses of leather, and 
sometimes of strong linen; leg-guards of twisted woolen cloth; 
ring-armor of various kinds, some consisting of flat rings 
fastened to leather, and others of interlocked rings, not requir- 
ing to be stitched to anything: greaves, or shin pieces of steel; 
knee-guards; arm-guards; and finally plate armor, of iron or 
brass or other metals, of intricate patterns and innumerable 
styles. This last class of armor was often elaborately engraved, 
and sometimes inlaid with gold. 

Then, in those olden times the men were not only protected 
with armor, but the horses were also frequently coated with it, 
especially about their heads and necks. 

In the armory of the Tower may be se^n numerous wooden 
figures of horses and men dressed in armor, showing the 
various kinds that have at different times been in use to 
advantage, as we see them displayed in the picture. And the 
different styles of arms exhibited are more numerous still. 
There is the bow and arrow, sling, pike, spear, lance, dart, 
javelin, dagger, ax, mace, spiked or knotted club, dirk, bayonet 
sword, cutlass and many other weapons of ancient pattern as 
well as different styles of modern arms that have come into 
use since gunpowder was invented. The walls and ceilings of 
the rooms are covered with arms, arranged in fanciful forms, 
representing pictures, rosettes, etc., and men are constantly 
employed in keeping the various weapons clean and bright. 

Among other things exhibited in the armory is a large 
cannon that is connected with the following bit of interesting 
historj : When the Duke of Suffolk besieged Bologne, by com 
mand of Henry VIII., finding the roads impassable for heavy 
cannon, he caused a number of great harmless duui nies to be 
made and mounted on wooden batteries, to be placed before 
the town in the night; the French commander was so surprised 
and terrified by their appearance in the morning' that he sur- 
rendered the place without firing a shot. 

In addition to the weapons and armor exhibited, there are 
numerous instruments of torture. There are thumb-screws, 
gags, racks, and other things, by which persons were formerly 
tortured to the extent of their endurance to make them con- 
fess crimes with which they were charged, or secrets of which 
they were supposed to be in possession. These instruments 
were in many instances applied to persons who were totally 
innocent of the charges made against them, and possibly 
in some eases such persons were induced to admit that they 
were guilty to escape further torture, and find an early 
relief in death from the refined cruelty with which they were 
treated. 

We will conclude our sketches of the Tower of London in 
our next number with a picture of the crown jewels. 



iR/u-ibTiiNriiisra- ^w\a.3T from 



BY C. R. SAVAGE. 



CHAPTER IV. 

T BE loud barking of two large dogs awoke the sleepers at 
the hotel <le barn, and the man in charge of them called 
upon us to come out and give an account of ourselves. Nearly 
frightened to death at the novel situation, and especially the 
dogs, we crawled out and set up crying aloud. The tramp 
however, told a story that seemed to set the mind of the man 
with the two dogs at rest: he said he was a widower, going to 
London to get work, and the two boys were all that was left 
him in the world; and not knowing the country, and where to 
stay, had crawled under the barn where he had found us. 

It happened that a robbery had been committed a short 
distance off, and parties were searching the country to find the 
robbers. Right glad we were to get away from our interrogator, 
and, once clear, we moved along very lively, as he once talked 
of holding us until a police officer should come along. 

On, on we moved, hungry and cold. Mr. Champ acted 
qu'ta different to his usual style A certain nervousness seemed 
to have taken possession of his lazy soul. Had he been out 
during the night, unknown to us? Had he committed the 
robbery? At any rate, he was out of soits, and spoke very 
harshly to us. As we straggled along, a man on horseback 
rode up to us; and questioned us very closely. A slight sus- 
picion seized upon his mind, but he allowed us to pass unmo- 
lested. We had no suspicion of anything wrong, and I cannot 
now say that the tramp was guilty; I only knew that he was 
different in manner. 

We tried very hard to raise a breakfast, but our applications 
fell upon stony hearts. Mr. Champ finally bought some bread 
at a little baker's shop, in a straggling village, and remarked we 
had better get away from such a place as soon as possible. 

When leaving the village we passed a poor soul going the 
same road, who, seeing that we were of a similar stripe to 
himself, accosted us and asked if we had anything to eat. 
As misery loves company, we shared some of the bread with 
him. His face was burnt on one side, and he had a limping 
gait. His story was that he had been burnt by fiie damp in a 
coal mine; and being disabled, was turned loose upon society, 
to play the role of a fire-damp tramp. He was really an object 
of pity, and his story was doubtless true. One of his arms 
was all drawn up by the action of fire and his whole appearance 
was that of a friendless outcast. 

He spoke very harshly of the people and country, through 
which we were passing, and said he had not had one good meal 
for two days. 

As four in the same business were too many in such a 
country, Mi. Champ took a notion to change his route, and 
leave Mr. Fire damp to enjoy the country to himself. He 
promised if we would work hard we should stay at a good 
'"ken" the next night. He then asked us if we could sing, 
and, sitting down by the roadside, on some stones, he got us to 
try our voices. After our musical effort he slapped his hand 
upon his greasy p; nts and said "Hurrah!" and vowed that we 
had voices that would make our fortunes. He remarked that 
when he had tried his hand at cadging and failed, singing would 
generally succeed. He then told us that a fair was to be held 
at the town we were going to, and we could try the singing 
"dodge" there. As a starter he said he would try first, and we 
could collect from the listeners on each side of the road. 





CT TT ^ IE IN" I LIE I1TSTBTJCTOB. 



39 





It was about eight miles to the town where W3 were eoing, 
and, to use his words, we would have a "nice" village to pass 
through. Our guide to fame and fortune told us to pass the 
hat around while he sung in the streets, and by this means we 
should raise some money. He then assumed the part of an 
agricultural tramp, and his singing told a doleful story of the 
badly paid farm laborers, and the grinding power of the aristoc- 
racy. Two lines of the lament were something like the 
following: 

'"Then sister do not lay, on that cold hank of clay; 

For old England is going down the hill." 

Of all the dismal tunes, the music to the above caps the 
climax; for, being adapted to the miserable sentiment, it was the 
most doleful music I ever heard. He had a coarse voice, 
cracked aud 1 rassy; but managed to make himself heard. 
The effort evolved but a few pence, and he swore freely at the 
lack of appreciation. When the proceeds were counted how- 
ever, he said it would pay for our lodgings for the night, and 
we would have to try the old dodge. We came to an inn by 
the road side, with a gate swung over the door, with the follow' 
iug inscription: 

"The gate hangs well, it hinders mine; 

Refresh and pay, then travel on." 

The temptation was too strong for him, and he had to get a 
drink, leaving us waiting out in the co'd. We had a talk over 
the situation, and resolved to run away again the next day; 
this time we would leave the tramp aud strike out for our- 
selves, but he must not know anything of our resolve. < )ur 
plan was that when in the fair, among the crowd we would 
give him the sip and move for the nearest sea-port town. 

While traveling from the "Hanging Gate" to the town of 

p d, a distance of seven miles, we met with good success. 

Kind-hearted people seem to live in ftreaks. as our friend 
who carried the proceeds testified. An old doctor gave us a 
severe cross examination after we had related the ta'e of our 
woes to him, but w. managed to get awav with pretty good 
grace, although, we had to tell hard stones. It is astonishing, 
when ouce we allow ourselves to commit a wrong, with whit 
facility we make excuses to ourselves, and try to satisfy our 
own consciences. The weakness of our position however, is sorn 
made apparent, when we excuse ourselves to others who act under 
different feelings and impulses. We knew well that we had 
placed ourselves in such a position that we had to keep doing 
wrone to live, and that the course of our life was dragging us 
downward, but we hoped to improve ourselves when we could 
escape from our adorted patron. 

About dusk we entered a long, low building, that was known 
as the "Brown Jug." This was the haven of rest chosen for 
us by our friend. This establishment was a shade more 
respectable than the "Travelers' Joy," and a little more pre- 
tentious. The proprietor was a small man, of dark complexion, 
with a wicked leer to his right eye. His wife, who pulled the 
beer taps, weighed about two hundred pounds, and was master 
of the situation. She could joke as coarse as tin' men. and 
made her husband hop around lively. She seemed well, 
acquainted with Mr. Champ, who was, as usual, very proud of 
his proteges. Having discovered what seemed to him our 
Singing ability, he bragged on us considerably. .Mrs. Becr- 
gwiller, as I shall call her for want of a better name, offered 
us some beer to drink; but Champ said bo did oof like to see 
boys drink; of course he was willine to do that for us but she 
persisted in standing treat for all three of us. She thought 
Tom looked a good deal like a boy she once lost by death. 
She was rather kind hearted, and required the pay for our 



night's lodging in advance, on account of the great rush of 
visitors caused hy the cattle fair coming off the next day. 

Into the refectory, or eating room, was the next move, 
where we found a new set of faces, but all having the stamp 
of the tramp species, although in different lines of business. 
The room was crowded with men aud women of all grades and 
conditions, in a general way, not ragged and forlorn, but reck- 
less and characterless. In one corner sat five or six men 
who looked like foreigners; they wore musical tramps, 
and were engaged for a "mammoth thespian establishment" 
erected on the fair grounds. An immense ophicleide, a 
clarionet, trombone and cornet were lying around near them, and 
a big drum completed the baud. Two coarse looking girls were 
also there with a hurdy-gurdy and tamborine: they were of 
foreign extraction, and no doubt distantly related to Prince 
Bismarck. 

Supper over, and rather a sumptuous one too, on account of 
the good day's luck. I amused myself in studying v.p the 
crowd, for in such places no reserve is felt towards strangers. 
The crowd is generally composed of elements that amalgamate 
freely, and should one tramp be deficient in eatables others 
freely share with him what they have, with carefi 1 re-ervation, 
and that reservation is niouey, for some of the professionals 
get but little of the article. 

A young man, of rather superior look, when his face was 
clean, was there practicing drawing in different colored crayons. 
His plan, when in a crowded city, was to draw scenes on the 
pavements, and the words "I am starving, but dare not beg." 
would be written underneath. In the fairs he would give 
it out that he had been robbed ot all he had by a lawsuit, aud 
was a nobleman in disguise. Mr. Champ told me he made 
lots of money by the last dodge. 

There were present at the "Brown Jug," cattle and horse 
"si a ps;" men who travel with "knock-'em down men," with 
"peep shows," "models of intricate machinery," and glass- 
blowers; t! e '.tricals who had what is known as "penny-gaffs," 
the very poorest kind of thespian entertainments; proprietors 
of learned pigs; fat women; mountebanks; and mauy others 
who were in the habit of strolling from place to place, on 
one kind of a dodge or another anytning ratherthan legitimate 
labor. The classes enumerated generally despise the opera- 
tions of tramps like Mr. Champ, but necessity causes them to 
change their tactics sometimes, and when one thin? does not 
pay they try others. For instance: A man will stand with a 
large box of trumpery articles, consisting of a tooth-pick, a 
pen, two or three sheets of poor paper, a Bong book, and offer 
all for one penny. Another will have a composition that he 
claims will convert copper into silver by rubbing it on wet. 
Others will have "cure-alls," tooth-drops, horse and cattle 
liniments. They will generally be able to talk down all oppo- 
sition, and being full of repartee and stale jokes, will always 
get the best of those who try to test the truth of their asser- 
tions. 

It is surprising how fertile the brain of a man is that will 
not work, and the many changes he can assume to gel over 
the difficulty of finding a living. Thousands of men that 
llo.it about in the sea of society owe tlieir existence to sharp 
practice upon honest working men: and the class of people 
that it was my lot to be cast among was the best Held for (be 
study of human nature I have ever seen. 

We had a drunken row that night at the "Brown-lug." 
that wound up the evening. Previous to thai the crowd 
amused themselves in every way suited to them; gambling, 
swearing, drinking and carousing made up their enjoyment 





4:0 



J" TJ "V IS IsT X L IE HTSTBTJCTOR 




Mr. Champ was barely able to go to bed; lie was drunk. In 
such a condition he was a brute of the lowest instinct. He 
treated us roughly because we would not sing, but when he 
made a move to use violence the hurdy-gurdy girls took our 
part and saved us from a drubbing. He promised, however, to 
even with us the next day, but we will reserve for the next 
chapter the way in which he did it. 

1^» -^>» « t^ 



<$li! 



tu erica. 



BY G. M. 0. 



ANCIENT PERU 




( Continued. ) 

According to Montesinos Rocca was the first of the Incas. 
He, a youth of twenty years, was so handsome his admirers 
called him Inca (Lord), and his successors adopted this title. 
He appears to have had excellent qualities for a ruler. ( (btain- 
ing possession of Cuzeo, he made war on the neighboring 
rulers, and with success, extending his dominions greatly. 
The empire under his successors grew until it extended from 
Chili to Quito, and became the empire destroyed by the 
Spaniards. Montesinos argues that the Peruvian colonizers 
were from Armenia, and that Peru was Solomon's Ophir. 
Quito was not inferior in civilization to Cuzco, and its conquest 
had just been completed when the Spaniards arrived. The 
Chimus had been subjugated a few years before. Baldwin 
says, "The Peruvians at the time (of the conquest) were not 
all one people. The political union was complete but there 
were differences of speech, and, to some extent, of physical 
characteristics. Three numerous and important branches of 
the population were known as Avmaraes, Chinehas, and 
Huancas. They used different tongues, although the Quicb.ua 
dialect, spoken by the Incas, and doubtless a dialect of the 
Aymaraes to whom the Incas belonged, was the official 
language in every part of the empire. There was a separate 
and fragmenrary condition of the communities with respect to 
their unlike characteristics, which implied something different 
from a quiet and uniform political history. These differences 
and peculiarities suggest that there was a period when Peru, 
after an important career of civilization and empire, was sub- 
jected to great political changes brought about by invasion and 
revolution, by which the nation was for a long time broken up 
into separate states. Here, as in Mexico and Central America, 
there was in the traditions frequent mention ot strangers or 
foreigners who came by sea to the Pacific Coast and held 
intercourse with the people: but this was in the time of the 
Old Kingdom." (Ancient America, 271-2). 

The Spaniards heard of Peru on the Atlantic coast of South 
America, and "Balboa gained positive information of Peru, 
from the natives of the Isthmus, and there is no doubt that 
intercourse to some extent existed between Mexico and that 
country. With vessels like the Peruvian balsas, such commu- 
nication up and down the coast was not impossible Professor 
Orton says: (The Andes and the Amazon, p. 109) ''Geology and 
archaeology are combining to prove that Sorato and Chimborazo 
have looked down upon a civilization far more ancient than 
that of the Incas." Mr. Prsscott says, 'There existed in the 
country a race advanced in civilization before the time of 
the Incas. " Rivero and Von Tschudi state that the monu- 
ments "Indicate two very different epochs in Peruvian art, at 



least so far as concerns architecture: one bo fore and the other 
after the arrival of the first Inca." 

Among the ruins belonging to the older civilization, probably 
the most important, arehreologicaly, are the mini of Tiahuanacr, 
a few miles from Lake Titicaca. These ruins were very 
imposing when first seen by the Spaniards in the time of 
Pizarro. By many they are called the oldest ruins in Peru; 
this may or may not be correct, not much remains now of the 
buildings, which were in a very ruinous condition three 
hundred and fifty years ago. They have been described by 
Cieca de Leon, who accompanied Pizarro, and also by Diego 
d'Alcobaca. The learned explorer and archasologist, Mr. E. 
G. Squires, visited the ruins lately and published the results 
of his extensive researches in Harper's Magazine, 1S68. De 
Leon mentions great edifices that were in ruins: "an artificial 
hill raised on a ground work of stone, two stone idols resem- 
bling the human figure, and apparently made by skillful 
artificers." These statues were ten or twelve feet high. 
"One of them was carried to La Paz in 1X42 and measured 
three and a half yards in length" (Baldwin 232). According 
to Cieca de Leon the figures were "clothed in long vestments, " 
different from those worn in the lime of the Incas. De Leon's 
description is as follows: "In this place, also, there are stones 
sj large and so overgrown that our wonder is incited, it being 
incomprehensible how the power of man could have placed 
them where we see them. They are variously wrought, and 
some ot them , having the form of men, must have been idols. 
Near the walls are many caves and excavations under the 
earth, but in another place, farther west, are other greater 
monuments such as large gate-ways, with hinges, platforms, 
and porches, each made of one sinsde stone. It surprised me 
to see these enormous gateways made of great masses of stone, 
some of which were thirty feet long, fifteen high and six thick." 
One very remarkable building he traced, but says nothing 
remained "but a well built wall which must have been there 
for ages, the stones being very much worn and crumbled." 

Many of the stone monumeiits of Tiahuanaco have been 
removed for building purposes. Baldwin mentions one case, 
where "large masses of sculptured stone, ten yards in length 
and six in width, were used to make grinding stunes for a 
chocolate mill." Mr. Squiressays. "The ruins of Tiahuanaco 
have been regarded by all students of American antiquities as 
in many respects the most interesting and important, and at 
the same time, most enigmatical of any on the continent. 
Unique, yet perfect, in type, and harmonious in style, they 
appear to be the work of a people who were thorough masters 
of an architecture which had no infancy, passed through no 
period of growth, and of which we find no other examples." 
Again he says. "The first thing that strikes the visitor in the 
(pre.-ent) village of Tiahuanaco is the great number of beauti- 
fully cut stones, built into the rudest edifices and paving the 
squalidest courts. They are used as lintels, jambs, seats, 
tables, anil as receptacles for water. The church is mainly 
built of them; the cross in front of it stands on a stone pedestal 
which shames the symbol it supports in excellence of work- 
manship." 

Describing the ruins, he says: "They are on a broad and 
very level part, of the plain where the soil is an arenaceous 
loam, firm and dry. Rows of erect stones, sjrue of them 
rough or but rudely shaped by art; others accurately cut and 
fitted in walls of admirable workmanship; long sections of 
foundations, with piers and portions of stairways; blocks of 
stone with mouldings, cornices and niches cut with geometrical 
precision; vast masses of sandstone, trachyte and basalt but 




-~£3S>:- 




J"CT "V E3 IN" I Xj e instbuctcb 



41 



partially hewn; and great monolithic doorways, bearing syml oli- 
cal ornaments in relief; besides innumerable smaller rectangular 
and symmetrically shaped stones rise on every hand, or lie 
scattered in confusion over the plain. It is only alter the 
intelligent traveler has gone over the whole area and carefully 
studied the ground that the various fragments fall into some- 
thing like their past relations, and the design of the whole 
becomes comprehensible. " The most conspicuous portion of 
the ruins (which cover an area of one square mile) is the 
central mound, originally terraced, the terraces supported by 
massive stone walls, the stones beautifully cut. This mound 
was crowned by structures of stone, the foundations of which 
still remain. This building is called by the natives the 
"fortress;" close by it is the "temple," defined by lines of 
erect stones ruder than those used in the "fortress. " A row 
of massive pilasters stand in front of the temple, and still in 
front of the pilasters are the ruins of an edifice built of squared 
stones. Traces of an exterior corridor still remains; this build- 
ing is called the "palace." Mr. Squires considers the "temple'' 
the type and oldest of the group, it is rectangular in shape, 388 by 
445 feet, and constructed of red sandstone; the stones for the 
most part are between eight and ten feet high, from two to 
four broad, and from twenty to thirty inches thick. That 
part of the stone entciing the ground is the thickest. Thi 
building or enclosure has been aptly named by Mr. Squires 
' 'The American Stonehenge. ' ' The stones (some of which hnvc 
fallen) slightly incline inwards, and appear to have had a wall 
built up between them; the sides and edges of each stone aie 
cut away to within six inches of its face so as to leave a pro- ■ 
jection for the fitting in and retaining of any slab, and to prevent 
it from falling outward. 

(7'o be Continued.) 

e id a- .a. :r rawlhts' 

BY ROLL". 




IN the year 187 — in the pretty little city of T a merry 
crowd was gathered in the elegant parlors of Standish War- 
ren Esq. , one of the richest and most influential men of the city. 
The occasion of the gathering was the anniversary of the 
birthday of his eldest son. The .-ound o! music and mirth floode 1 
out on the cold, crisp, evening air, as the merry dancers whirled 
and glided around the spacious halls. Not a shade of sorrow 
was perceptible, and one could not help contrasting the merry 
and happy assemblage, who revelled without care, with the 
many poor wanderers who were 'abroad that night without 
shelter, warmth and lood. But there was one person present 
who was weighted down with care. That person was Mis, 
Warren, a kind and indulgent mother. 

The son in who -e honor the party was given was a bright, 
inteligent youth; but lately he had been associating with bad 
company, audit was whispered that the handsome ("hurley 
Warren had been seen frequently under the influence of 
liquor. And no one knew this better than did his mother, 
who night alter night let him in at a side door, and hurried 
him oft' to his room, no person in the house, save herself, ever 
knowing of the sorrowful fact. Hut it was so, and Mrs. War- 
ren had given this party to try and reclaim, by love ind sym- 
p 'thy, her wayward son. 

Mrs. Warren had protested against the use of wine on 
the supper table, but Charley had insisted upon it, and of 

COUrSe it had to be so. 




Supper was announced, and the young man's health was 
toasted in many a bumper. There was but one person present 
who did not join in the toasts, and that was Edgar Rawlins, a 
poor, but rising and intelligent young man of the city. Many 
a fair hand offered the ruby liquid to him. but he refused all 
entreaties. At length one of his friends approached him and 
said: 

"Well Edgar, old boy. why is it that you refuse to toast. 
Charley's health to-night? I know you are an abstainer; but 
theu, you might suspend the rules on an occasion like this." 

"No, sir! I am sorry, but 1 cannot join in the toasts; with 
all due deference to our fair hostess and host. I must decline 
to do so; not because I do not coincide with the sentiments ex- 
pressed therein, but because— well you would not care to 
know the reason." 

"Oh: yes, we should be much delighted. Do tell us," said 
Belle Langdon, approaching just at that moment. 

"Very well, I will. It is because T gave my solemn word 
to my dying mother that T would never touch spirits of any 
kind." 

"Well, of course if that is your reason we can scarcely expect 
you to violate your word, but will you not tell us your reason for 
taking such a pledge?" 

"Certainly T will." 

And. standing by the head of the sumptuously loaded t.'.ble, 
E Igar Rawlins related the following: 

"My father, as you are all doubtless aware, died sonic ten 
years ago, and my mother not long surviving the shock, was 
laid by his side. Father was at one time a very wealthy man, 
his hard earned wealth amounting to ever a million of dollars. 
We were extreme 1 }' happy m our own home, very rarely receiv- 
ing visitors, and all went smoothly until one fatal day in the 

spring of IS , when a distant relative— father's half-cousin 

I think— came to visit us 'tor a short time.' as he said. His 
vi-it lasted only a couple of months, but that visit was long 
enough to start my 'father on his downward course, for Gilbert 
Cameron was a drunkard, gambler and rogue of the deepest 
dye. The first intimation that we had of the occurrence, was 
on seeing father and this man. brnueht home in a carriage, 
in a state of intoxication. After this theii 'sprees.' as Cam 
eron called them, became more frequent and less secret, father 
and Cameron hardly ever reaching home before two or three 
o'cloek in the morning. It went on in this way for some time, 
until one day father wiled mother and me into the parlor, 
and. with feeble voice, and pale and haggard face, told us the 
astounding news that he was a. ruined man! In the short 
period that Cameron had been there, his entire wealth— except 
the house we lived in, and, perhapsapaitry thousand dollars- 
had been lost with that fiend at the gaming table' It was a 
great blow to mother, and father grew rapidly worse; and 
one eold winter morning, about one o'clock, father was brought 
home by some policeman— dead ! he having been frozen to 
death on the streets! Not long after, my mother die.l. and 
our costly home and elegant furnishings had to be sold under 
the hammer, and 1, to avoid the persons who had been our 
friends in sunshine, moved to this city. And that, my friends, 
is the reason that I have taken the oath referred to." 

h is said that this simple narration affected Charley Warren 

so much that never afterwards would he either 'taste, 

,,„„.!, r handle." Let us hope that it was so! 



WAITISO for things to turn up is unphilosphical as well as 
unprofitable. Things will turn up just as last and as often 

while you are working as while you are waiting. 




«?' 



4S 



CTTTVJEIDTIIjIE Ilsl STBUOTOR. 




%1'iij jfmwulij Itisirtictotj. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBEUAKY 15, 1876. 
EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





RESIDENT Young has lately given the 

Latter-day Saints some excellent counsel 

on the manner ofconducting their dancing 

parties. He desires them to occupy a 

ittle more of the daytime and not so 

much of the night in such recreation, and 

also to abstain from round dancing, that 

is, from engaging in waltzes and dances of 

that class. As tLis counsel concerns the 

young people, from the fact that they are 

e ones who do the most of the dancing, we 

lave a word to say on the subject. 

ancing, as a source of animeinent and recrea- 

isof great antiquity. It has been recoin- 

£n by some as a healthful exercise, and con- 
JM demned by others as improper, in all ages. We have 
been trained in the belief that dancing is a very proper, 
innocent and healthiul exercise, and we have no 
reason to think otherwise, when it is rightly indulged in, but 
we can easily conceive how, when engaged in to excess it can 
become destructive to health and comfort, and a source of evil. 

Dancing has much to recommend it to sensible persons. It 
is a most healthful exercise, and no amusement seems more 
natural. The body as well as the mind is relaxed and invigorated 
by engaging in it, and the buoyancy and animation of youth find 
a natural vent in the harmonious movements of the dance. 
And, besides, it imparts a grace of motion that nothing else can. 
For these reasons it ought to be encouraged in moderation, and 
if there are evils attending it, they should be rooted out, and 
the amusement perpetuated in all its original innocence. And 
this is the very thing that President Young desires to have 
accomplished. 

Dancing parties of late years among the Latter-day Saints 
have not been the simple, innocent, sociable gatherings of 
brethren and sisters that used to be so popular among them in 
the early settlement of these valleys, when the people used to 
assemble in the afternoon or early evening and enjoy themselves 
for a few hours in the p'ea.-ant recreation. In those days the 
people were wont to lay aside their caresaud assemble, frequently 
in the most impromptu manner, without any great preparation, 
and mingle in the dance, to the simple, merry music, in the 
most enjoyable style; and then retire to their homes before they 
were fatigued and unfitted for the next day's labor. 

( )f late years, however, those pleasant reunions have been 
perverted into fashionable, formal, extravagant balls, entailing 
great labor and trouble and expense for preparation, and 
conducted without regard for the health of those participating. 
Instead of quitting at a seasonable hour, it has become common 
for them to be kept up far past midnight, until all are worn 
out with fatigue and excitement, and unfitted for the duties of 
the following day. 

By encroaching on the hours that nature requires for restand 
sleep, the good effects that otherwise might accrue from the 
exercise are neutralized, and the balls are productive only ol ill- 
health and evil effects. Therefore, if health were the only 



consideration, the wisdom of President Young's counsel must 
be apparent to all. But there are other considerations, and the 
late hours or long continuance of the dances are not their only 
bad features. 

The condition of society at the present time in these valleys 
is very different to what it was in the days of their early settle- 
ment, and the difference is not an improvement, either, but 
rather the reverse. The balls are extensively attended by a 
class of persons who are comparatively strangers in our midst, 
but who are not slow in forming acquaintances, and readily 
ingratiate themselves with the girls. The late hours to which 
dances are kept up, and the license accorded to strangers by 
the want of reserve and absence of suspicion which characterize 
the innocent dancers, afford ample opportunity for the slight 
a -quaintance of the strangers with the girls to grow into terms of 
intimacy, and further intimacy often leads to the the girls' ruin. 

No better opportunity could be offered the human vultures 
who abound in our midst, to effect their vile purposes than they 
have in being admitted to the balls, and allowed to mingle and 
dance promiscuously with the young people of the Latter-day 
Saints. They, of course, would not be in favor of having the 
parties commence and close earlier, and be under the surveil- 
lance of the Bishops. Their deeds are dark and daylight or 
early evening would not be so favorable for them. And if 
President Young's counsel be adopted generally by the Saints, 
as we hope and trust it may be, sucli persons will be most 
effectually checked in their operations. It is not much to be 
wondered at that they have made inroads in our social circles, 
and decoyed many good and pure gills from their paren.al 
control, and effected their ruin. They are usually persons of 
tine address and fascinating manner, and their graceful style 
appeals directly to the admiration of the unsuspecting girls. 
Then they frequently pretend to be rich, which gives them 
additional prestige. The poet Byron wrote: 

"Maidens, like moths, are ever caught by glare, 

And Mammon wins his way where Seraphs might despair." 

And, though that was a great many years ago, girls have not 
very much changed in their natures since then. An infatua- 
tion takes possession of them sometimes, and tender its influence 
they are led to take a course that in their sober second thought 
they are very apt to regret. There are no purer and better 
gi.-ls in the world than are to be found among the Latter-day 
Saints; and it should be their pride to continue so. It should 
also be the ambition of every boy among the Latter-day Saints 
to preserve his sisters in their purity, and protect them fiom that 
vile class that we have described. Every young person who 
has such pride or ambition will have no other feeling than 
gratitude towards President Youua for his care and solicitude 
for their welfare. They will not consider it any deprivation to 
be prohibited from dancing during the whole of the night, or 
from indulging in round dances. They are not so enamored of 
that style, but what they can abstain from such indulgence, 
when they are told that it is not conducive to health, or that 
it is considered improper by the servants of (liod who are 
placed to teach us. 



Luxury. — Luxury is a voice which prompts many to run 
into expenses beyond what their circumstances will admit. And 
why? Because respect is attached to prodigality, and contempt 
is shown for those who do not mantaiu similar profusion: be- 
cause the custom of lavish expenditure is universal and because 
things that are superfluous, useless, and frivolous, are ren- 
dered almost necessary and indispensable. Here is the mis- 
chief of luxury. 





a"TJ^7-E32SriI_,E IITSTRUOTOB. 




THIS COCKGHAFER. 



TllK Cockchafer is a kind ol beetle very common in most 
parts of Europe. It is chiefly famous for the ravages it 
commits on the leaves of fruit and forest trees, when in its pei- 
tectly developed state as a winged beetle, and for its destruc- 
tion to the roots of plants and trees and grasses when in the 
grub or larva state. 

The Cockchafer is fully an inch in length, of a pitchy black 
color, with a whitish down, giving it a sort of powdered 
appearance The picture on th -i next pace will give the reader 
a very fair idea of its appearance. In the grub state it is about 
an inch and a half long, thick. whitish, with a red head and 
six legs. In the larva stale it lives about four years, but after 
it has developed into a beetle its life is short. 

The ravages of Cockchafers were so great in some of the 
provinces of France in 1785, that the government offered a 



ground, and destroyed whole fields of grain and nurseries of 
tree*. 

Fortunately for the inhabitants of those countries it infests, 
the Cockchafer has its enemies. Rats, rooks, ravens, magpies, 
and birds all devour it. Thus, in the providence of God, this 
insect is prevented from depopulating the land. 

One evening as a French sta:e coach was going through 
Gisors, there came such a legion of these insects that the 
horses, terrified and half blinded, were unable to proceed, and 
the driver had to get down, and lead them back again as best 
he could through the buzzing Cockchafer storm, far worse to 
meet than heavy hail or rain. 

This is the scene we have represented in our engraving. The 
old-fashioned diligence there pictured is rather a strange-look- 
ing affair to us; and will be considered by our young readers 
not nearly so handsome as the gaily-painted overland coaches 
they were so used to seeing before the railroad made its advent, 





premium for the best mode of destroying them. The whole 
grasj of a field lias often been destroyed iu a short time by their 
grubs, and the beetles themselves strip off the foliage of tn es 
like locusts. They have sometimes appeared in prodigious 
numbers iu some places in England: the river Severn is said to 
have been so filled with their bodies in 1574, that the water 
wheels of the mills were cogged; and in 1688, they so abounded 
in the county of Galway, in Ireland, that they hung in clusters 
on the trees an I hedges like bees swarming ; the noise of their 
countless jaws at work was heard hy every traveler, and was 
compared to that, of the sawing of timber. The sky was dark- 
ened for miles will) them, and the haymakers could not go on 
with their wink: vegetables disappeared and green trees grew 
bare and withered. The people were reduced to famine, aud 
had at last to eat the Cockchafers that had devoured their 
»od. The insects had even attacked the roots of trees under 



or the whistle of the locomotive was heard, iu our mountain 
home. 

Much that is interesting, and useful, too, may be learned 
from the study of insects — such insects as the Cockchafer; and 
many men have considered the study of sufficient importance 
to devote to it the best years of their life. 

There lived in Fiance a clever and learned man who had 
studied and written a good deal about the insects he had Been 
iu his quiet garden. ISut there came a time of war and trouble, 
and the poor man had a narrow escape of his life. He was 
sent to prison, and (■hut up in the same cell with a sick and 
wounded bishop, whom the prison doctor daily attended. ( me 
day, as this doctor was speaking to his patient, he saw the 
oth> r pn.-oiicr make a Midden dart at a crack in the boards. 

Was it soma means of escape he had suddenly discovered, some 
letter or filuV The doctor looked anxiously, hut ouly saw a din 





44r 



J TJ"VESlsrXXi -E I1TSTRI7CTOE- 



little beetle, whicli Latreille, the excitid prisoner, was sticking 
on a cork. 

"It is a very rare insect, for which I have long sought in 
vain!" he crier! deli -h redly, exhibiting his prize with a beam- 
ing face. "T an I wish yon w mid gvj it to ni3," said the 
doctor: "it i< of no use to you. and I have a friend who is 
mad about inserts, and would be pleased to add it to his col- 
lection if it is .so rare?" "Take it to him, and say it is Pere 
Latreille. the author of The History of Insects,' who sends 
it to him: and tell him also that I am a prisoner, and about 
to be transported to Guiana for offences of which I am inno- 
cent." So, the rare in-ect was taken to the friend, who 
being a person "f influence, set to work to obtain the liberty 
of Latreille. He himself became bail for the learned man; 
the convict ship sailed without him, and was wrecked on the 




THE COCKCHAFER. 



coast of Spain, and all on board perished: so thus a beetle 
saved the man's life. 



m » -<a>- « > 






iiv nron knoit.ii. 



C H A P T E I! IV, 




What a beautiful and enchanting sight lies before jiud 
around us as we enter tie bay of Honolulu! 'While a 
bright, clear sky is above us, with not a cloud to be seen, on 
our right, along the beach, are groves of palms and cocoa-nut 
trees; on our left are several small islands, and before us is a 
lofty mountain, with the town of Honolulu lying picturesquely 
at its foot. 

The pilot has come on board of our ship and is guiding her 
afely through the dangerous and circuitous channel. Now we 



are nearing the wharf. What a queer sight is before us! It 
is crowded with people, and all so strangely dressed. We can 
distinguish the Caucasian from the Kanaka or native race; the 
former carry large umbrellas of different colors, to shelter them 
from the intensity of the sun's rays, and are dressed in loose 
linen suits. The native women are conspicuous, for their 
dresses are something like large bed valances, very loose, and 
fitting on them as it they were not overburdened with under- 
clothing. The men are not troubled much with any particular 
kind of clothing. A passenger on board, who has been here 
before, has foolishly, as it appears, thrown a silver half dollar 
into the deep sea; but now we discover the cause, for imme- 
diately a dozen Kanaka boys dive in from the wharf and for 
about two minutes there is a lively scramble at the bottom of 
the sea, which we can observe, for the water is remarkably 
clear, and soon the lucky urchin arises, holding exultingly the 
identical silver piece between his fingers. 

The Kanakas, both men and women, are acknowledged to he 
the finest swimmers and divers in the world; and their children 
are taught the beautiful art from their babyhood. These 
natives are extremely fond of the water, and bathe several 
times a day, both sexes promiscuously, passing much of their 
time in this delightful exercise. It is a curious aud pleasing 
sight to see them gamboling, performing curious feats and 
chasing each other in the water. 

A word to our boys at home. Although in Utah there is 
little need to learn the valuable art of swimming, just think 
when you are called upon to travel abroad by and by on your 
missions, what a great acquisition this manly and healthful 
accomplishment will be to you. Boys, set to work and learn 
by all means. 

Directly our ship is secured alongside the wharf, it is invaded 
by crowds of people, officials;, friends, towns-people and — the 
most acceptable of all — by numbers of Kanaka fruit sellers, 
loaded with baskets of luscious pine-apples, bananas, oranges, 
cocoanuts, etc., and jabbering away in their broken English. 
You help yourself to as much as you require, and ask the 
price; and the certaiu reply is "two bittee." whether the quan- 
tity be large or small. 0, what a treat this nice fruit is after 
our voyage, aud what a difference in flavor there is between 
it and the same kind we get in Utah, after it'has been packed up 
closely for two or three months. Now boys, be moderate with 
those bananas, otherwise we shall have to visit the drug 
store! 

After we get clear of the wharves and proceed up the main 
street on our way to the International Hotel, we pass on our 
right a handsome stone building — the court house — and beyond 
it the king's palace. We also observe several well-built ware- 
houses and stores, miuh the same as we see in Salt Lake City. 
We also pass several rather imposing churches and chapels of 
different denominations. The streets are lined with shade 
trees, and the air is filled with the rich odor of exotic flowers, 
wafted from beautifully laid out gardens. As it is early morn- 
ing (5 a. tu. ) the streets are crowded with people, the Kanakas 
and Chinese being most conspicuous. There are several 
thousand of the latter named people on the Sandwich Islands, 
and through frugality and co operation some have become 
merchants on quite a large scale. We have time as we stroll 
along to notice that many of the well-to-do natives dress in the 
American fashion, and are gentlemanly and ladylike in their 
deportment. Some are remarkably handsome, and from con- 
versation we find them well educated. 

Your friend "Hugh" knew the late king when he was Prince 
William, intimately, and can honestly say that he was one of 






JUVE1TILE HSrSTBTJOTOR 



45 





the handsomest and most perfect gentlemen he ever conversed 
with. He could speak five different languages fluently and was 
remarkably intelligent and affable. Poor fellow, brandy killed 
him, as it has thousands of his countrymen. 

The general complexion of these islanders is a dark olive. 
Their features are generally regular; they are of medium bight 
and pretty strongly built, and their appearance, on the whole, 
is prepossessing. They are intelligent and quick to learn; hut 
are generally indolent and improvident, as most people are who 
live in very hot countries. 

We have now reached the market part of the town, and we 
see the white and native housewives elbowing their way, hur- 
rying to select their day's store of provisions. Fresh fish and 
fruit seem to be the most in demand, although beef, muttrn, 
wild turkeys, vegetables, etc., are offered for sale. We 
enquire the prices and find that provisions, with the excep- 
tion of beef, mutton and flour, are cheaper than they are in 
("tab. In one Kanaka store we see the occupants busy at 
their favorite morning meal of "poi" and fish, which they help 
themselves to in a curious manner from a large bowl. It looks 
a nasty pasty mess, and generally tastes as badly as it looks to 
a foreigner on trying it for the first time; but if he perseveres 
in eating it, it will in time become quite palatable. 

In the shop windows we see large quantities of beautiful 
coral — white and pink, sponges, shells, etc., offered for sale, 
very cheap. These are obtained from the bottom of the sea, 
and many natives find employment in gathering them. 

See! What a lot of equestrians are approaching! How 
graceful they appear, with their robes flowing in the breeze 
They are Kanaka ladies, and, 0! gracious! they are riding 
a la clothes-pins ! 

It is near 11 a. m., and we observe that very few people are 
in the streets, or walking out of doors, and we soon feel the 
cause, for, although in the early morning the temperature was 
very agreeable, a mild, fresh breeze blowing from the sea, by 
this time the wind has died away, and the sun's rays are 
coming down in full force; so we will follow the example of the 
rest of the inhabitants, by either taking a nap for a few hours 
or amusing ourselves in some quiet way in-doors. 

Now it is be'wjen iour and five o'clock, p. in., aud the 
streets begin to be alive again with people. A fine breeze is 
again wafted from the sea; a heavy mist or very light rain is 
falling, making the air fresh and cool. 

Now is the time for the great meal of the day, which is 
chiefly composed of fish, game and fruits. After dinner is the 
time to promenade, and at nine o'clock the theatre or concert 
is open. The natives are very fond of mu-ic, and are good 
singers. It is delightful, when out walking in the evening, to 
hear bands of Kanakas in the distance, singing the newest 
American tunes in concert; for then everything is so oliu and 
quiet, and the sweet songs have a most charming effect. 

After the theatre or concert is through, promenading and 
visiting are continued till about one or two o'clock, a. m., 
and then all is quiet till about three o'clock, when marketing 
commences, and the hardest work of the day is gone through 
with. 

Between the months of November and March Honolulu is 
visited by huge fleets of whaling vessels which come here with 
nil and to obtain supplies. This is the busy season, and llie 
town is alive with pleasure and business, and the population 

is increased from 9,i to 12,000 or 13,000. 

In our next chapter we will give a general description of the 

island.-. And now, as we pull taut our mosquito curtains around 
us, we say, for tie' present, ''aloha." 



.A. Q-OOID MOTHER. 



" A RTHTJR, take this letter to your mother, and here is your 
IX week's salary. You have a good mother," added Mr. 

Powell, looking intently into the lad's face as he took the 

missive with a polite "Thank you, sir." 
The communication to Mrs. Howard ran thus: — 

"Dear Madam, — We are sorry to discharge your son Arthur, 
but repeatedly, articles, and occasionally money, has heen missed 
from the shop. No one but he could have taken them. It is 
very trying, I assure you, to have such an issue forced upon us, 
for we had supposed him incapable of any sort of dishonesty. 

"Yours truly, 

"H. Powell and Co." 

Mrs. Howard perused the note, and then, without looking 
up from her work, gently bade the boy remove aud thoroughly 
dry his overcoat, whitened by the driving snow. She could 
not just then look upon that young and joyous face. He 
should not know a breath of foul suspicion, but should go to 
his pillow unconscious of the stain on his good name. In tl e 
morning she would visit the firm. 

Whiie Arthur slept, his mother passed the anxious hours in 
alternate watchings by bis bedside and prayers at her own. 
The restraint which she had placed upon herself was now 
removed. Towards daylight the storm subsided, aud the 
morning dawned on a fine day. The calm comforted her; 
aud when Arthur rose from the breakfast table, she said, cheer- 
fully, "I am going out this morning, dear, and you must re- 
main at home. Be kind to brother aud sister; and if any 
work comes in, remember carefully all particulars; but first 
run out and sweep me a clean crossing through the fresh 
snow." 

Quickly wrapping herself she proceeded to the gate. She 
stood resting against it and gazed on the pure scene — the trees, 
the hedges, the roofs of buildings, every nook and crevice 
piled up with the glistening snow. But purer than all was 
her son Arthur — in her eyes, the fairest feature of the picture. 
His clear eye was "not that of a thief!" And the mother's 
face beamed upon him with coufidiug love. 

At this moment Mr. Powell came towards the mother and 
son. Mrs. Howard received him as calmly as she did his letter, 
bidding Arthur return into the house. Mr. Powell was full of 
regrets and apologies for the note sent on the previous even 
iug. Accidentally, the real culprit bad been discovered, and 
Arthur fully cleared. 

"The firm wish him back. They will increase his wages, 
give him every opportunity for improvement; in short, they 
will atone, if possible, l'or the cruel wrong so hastily done to 
him." 

Mrs. Howard replied: — 

"On one aud only one condition can lie return; and that is, 
neither he nor any of the persons in your employ learn one 
word of this affair. I would not have him suffer the know- 
ledge of this suspicion for worlds. 1 would mil have bis self- 
respect so injured." 

The next morning found Arthur in bis accustomed place; 
and the pleasure with which be that evening communicated 
to bis mother bis delight and astonishment at a sudden increase 

of salary, was without a shadow. Years afterwards the firm 
proposed receivimi Arthur into it ; and in response to his glad 

thanks, .Mr. Powell placed his band on bis shoulder, and said. 

"No tbanks, my boy. Thank your mother, You owe it 

nil to her. Only after she shall have passed from this lite. 
can you know her worth. St lected. 





46 



j"tj^7"E3tixjE! instructor. 




THE GOLDMAKERS' 
V I Xj L -A. G- E - 



/roro Cluvmhers' Miscellany. 




( Continued, ) 

THE winter passed away. In the summer, the school was 
closed, for the elder boys and girls could then be of service 
to their parents in the fields. But Oswald collected the little 
ones at his house, and gave them a few lessons, or amused 
them in some light occupations about his premises. It was 
part of his convictions that instruction in anything without 
actual training is of little use; he therefore tried to train his 
pupils to industrial pursuits, and so lead them to a practical 
acquaintance with what they read of in books. In this way 
he taught them gardening and a knowledge of plants, also 
various other thines which would be useful to them through 
life. A great point w'th Oswald was to form habits of order 
and cleanliness in his young scholars, and this, not on'y at 
school, but when out of doors, enforcing his rules with per- 
suasions suited to young minds. Perhaps, hiwever, all this 
was held by him of inferior moment to the education of the 
feelings — a love of the beautiful, the tender, and the poetical 
— for without these the miad remains hard and intractable, 
and cannot be led to know the finer religious emotions. How 
charming was it to see this benevolent man with his band of 
scholars, happy in each other, neither sourness nor severity 
in the master, nor fear in the pupils! It was throughout a 
labor of love: addressed as their dear master, Oswald was 
always ready to encourage and explain. No one dreaded to 
ask him a question: he was their friend not less than their 
instructor. The happiness in these youne parties drew the 
attention of the elder scholars, and they begged Oswald not 
to forget them. He accordingly arranged that they should at 
times visit his house, or walk with him in the fields. On 
these occasions, he opened their understandings to many 
branches of knowledge — among others, the wonders of creation 
and providence, and the nature of h'nnan society, of which 
they had formerly known very little. He took care not to be 
dry or tedious, but mixed up all he said with stories of natural 
history, of foreign lands and people, of wild animals, moun- 
tains, seas, and rivers. 

The young men of the village heard reports of these pleasant 
conversations, and some of the more curious and intelligent, 
among them began to seek Oswald's society. He gathered a' 
class of these young men, and devoted some part of his leisure 
on Sundays to their instruction, giving them subjects to study 
during the week, and recommending to them suitable books 
for reading. But while he had such success among the young 
people, many of the leading men in the village remained his 
determined foes. Though they could not understand his 
measures, they felt that there was something in them which 
tended to overthrow the existing state of society in Goldenthal; 
consequently, Oswald found little society in the village except 
at the mill, where he was always welcomed by Elizabeth and 
her parents. 

One evening, when O.iwadd, as was customary, went to the 
house of the miller, he was rec ived in a stvle so altered as to 
surprise him. His old friend looked studious and reserved, 
his wife seemed in ill humor, and Elizabeth had a sorrowful 
and anxious face. A'"ter a while, her parents left the room, 
and Oswald asked Elizabeth the reason for this cold reception. 
Her answer was for some moments delayed by sobs and tears; 

last she told him that, a year ago, Brenzel, the host of the 



Lion, and the richest man in the parish, had a«ked tor her as 
the wife of his eldest son, a dissipated young man. She had 
claimed of her parents a year for consideration; but now the 
time had expired, and her father, who wished to see her 
settled in life, was somewhat displeased at her unwillingness. 
This she told with tears, and Oswald understood more than 
she said. He assured her tenderly that long ago he had 
chosen her as his own bride, and she received his confession 
with great delight. He then went to her parents, and while 
Elizabeth was praying for a favorable result of the interview, 
he gave such an explanation of his condition and prospects, 
that, after a short time, the miller "im« into the room where 
Elizabeth was sitting, and, joining the hands cf his daughter 
and Oswald, pronounced a blessing upon the betrothal. To 
Elizabeth it seemed like a dream — too happy to be true. 

On the following Sunday, when Oswald and Elizabeth were 
named from the pulpit as betrothed, the G-oldenthalers stared, 
and there was no little whispering among the women. But 
the host of the Lion immediately went out of the church as 
angry as the wild beast upon his sign, declaring that he would 
ruin the perfidious miller and all his family. However, in 
spite of this threat, Oswald and Elizabeth celebrated their 
marriage about three-weeks afterwards. 

Soon after the wedding, Oswald said to his brde: "To insure 
our happiness, let us make a threefold vow: fint, that there 
shall be no secrets between us; secondly, that none, not even 
our parents, shall be allowed to interfere between us in any of 
our affairs; and thirdly, that we will never speak unkindly 
towards each other, no. not even in .]est." To these propo- 
sitions Elizabeth g'a My assented. 

It is customary in Germany to utter the voice of cjngratu- 
lation in song. Conformably with this ancient usage, Oswald's 
pupils resolved on serenading their beloved master. Oswald 
and his wife, therefore, on the morning after their marriage, 
were awakened by a harmonious hymn of congratulation, and 
wishes of long life ami happiness, in which many voices joined, 
On looking out to return thanks for this kindness, Oswald 
was do ighted to see so many of his scholars composing the 
choir. He observed, too, several persons standing and pointing 
to bis cottage; fur the children bad secretly covered the walls 
with garlands in the evening, and even the least of them had 
brought wild-flowers from the fields and hedges to add to the 
display of affection. At, school, all the children appeared with 
nosegays and wreaths of flowers, as if it was a great festival- 
day. 

Notwithstanding these demonstrations . Oswald was still 
unpopular in the village. The oldest and most experienced 
people found reasons for grave suspicions, not only in his 
wonderful success as a teacher, but also in his sudden marriage 
with the miller's daughter. Such wonders, they were sure, 
could not be done by fair means: there was something super- 
natural in it. The old miller heard all this idle chatter, and 
only laughed at it; but his wife, though a pious and sensible 
woman, had her share of pride, and could not bear that it 
should lie said she had given her daughter to a poor vagabond 
schoolmaster. Out of patience with the inquisitive gossip of 
the hostess of the Eaglc^ she one evening could not refrain 
from boasting. "Hold your tongue," said she; ''.you know 
nothing about it. Oswald, I tell you. could buy up both your 
husband and the host of the Linn. I have seen proof of 
what I say: and, if I might speak, I could tell you such 
tlrngs of him as would make the hair on your head stand on 
end." 

( To ln> Continued.) 





J" TT "VIE IN" I LIE IITSTBIJCTOB. 



47 




PEOPHBCT FULPILLING. 



11V JOHN NlfHOLSON. 




VERY frequently the Lord uses simple means to accomplish 
great things, and because this is so we sometimes read of 
the past fulfillment of prophecies with no small amount of 
wonder, and look forward to those still in the future with great 
interest, while we pass by what is taking place almost without 
notice. My object in writing this sketch is to draw the atten- 
tion of some of the juveniles to some things that are now 
occurring. 

Gonzales Trejo is a native of Castile, Spain, and is now 
about thirty-one years old. Until he was fourteen he was a 
devout Catholic, but after that he was a source of annoyance 
to his parents and to the priests because of the great doubts he 
expressed about the truth of that religion, and the many hard 
questions he put to them on the subject. 

At sixteen he entered a military school in Spain, where be 
stayed two and a half years, and after that held a commission 
as an officer in the Spanish army. While a soldier, he was at 
one time conversing with a brother officer, named Parrueco, on 
religious matters, when the latter said, "there is one people of 
God, they are the Mormons, who live in the Rocky Mountains 
of the north-west of America. ' ' This occurred about seven years 
ago, and the statement made a deep impression on Gonzales, so 
much so that he became possessed of a great desire to visit that 
people, and as a step in that direction he studied the English 
language, and refrained from dnnkiug wine and other stimu- 
lants, as he found his mind was clearer when he did not use 
them. 

Beingunable to raise enough money to bring him to Utab, he 
applied to the Spanish government to be sent, as a military officer, 
to its dominions in the Phillipine Islands, South America, and 
his request was granted. Passing through France, on the 
journey, he succeeded in getting a small pamphlet in that 
country, explaining the principles of the gospel, published by 
the late Louis A. Berfcrand, who died in this city a short time 
since. The reading of that little work increased his desire to 
get to Utah as soon as possible. 

In time he reached the Phillipine Islands, where he was 
greatly prospered, in health and otherwise, being able to bear 
exposure in the hottest weather, while many of his compan- 
ions, not used to the climate, were attacked with fevers and 
died. 

While there he learned much of the natives of those Islands, 
who are Lamanites, or the descendants of the ancient fathers 
with whom, according to the Book of Mormon, the Lord made 
a covenant to restore the fullness of the gospel to their children 
in the latter times, lie says thoy are generally a fine people, 
possessing many noble traits, very intelligent, and, in numerous 
instances, highly refined and educated, and not a few of them 
quite wealthy. Some of them, especially the ladies, are exceed- 
ingly handsome, and the more advanced they are in civilization 
the lighter the color of their skin. Some of them have quite a 
Jewish caste of feature, one beautiful lady being known among 
the Spanish as "the Jewish lady." 

Gonzales Trejo saw a good prospect before him of becoming 
fairly wealthy on the Islands, and began to Blacken somewhat 
in his desire to go to I 'tab, when he was suddenly stricken down 
with sickness, lie concluded to pray to the Lord, and did so ; 
immediately afterwards he fell asleep, when the Lord gave him 
a dream. 

(To be (Jonlinued.) 



uestion^ ami J^\\svctx$ 

OlsT THE BIBLE. 



FIRS r BOOK OP SAMUEL. 



LESSON Oil. 

Q.— What did David then say unto Saul? 

A. — "I cannot go with these, for 1 have not proved them." 

Q.— What did David then do? 

A.— lie put the armor off him. 

Q.—What did David then take? 

A. — "His staff in his hand, and chose him five smooth stones 
out of the brook, and put them in a shepherd's bag which he had, 
even in a scrip; and his sling was in his hand." 

Q.— What then did David do' 

A. — He drew near to the Philistine. 

Q. — Who went immediately before the Philistine as be came 
near to David/ 

A.— "The man that bare the shield." 

Q.— When the Philistine looked about and saw David, how did 
he act? 

A.— "He disdained him, for he was but a youth, and ruddy, 
and of a fair countenance." 

Q.— What did the Philistine say to David? 

A. — "Am I a dog, that thou eomest to me with staves?" 

Q.— What did the Philistine then do? 

A. — He cursed David by his gods. 

Q —What did the Philistine then say to David? 

A.— "Come to me and 1 will give thy tlesh unto the fowls of 
the air, and to the beasts of the field.'' 

Q. — What was David's reply? 

A. — "Thou eomest to me with a sword, and with a spear, and 
with a shield; but I come to thee in the name of the Lord of 
hosts, the God of the armies of Israel which thou hast defied." 

y.— What further was David's answer to the Philistine? 

A — 'This day will the Lord deliver thee into mine hand; and 
I will smite thee and take thine head from thee, and I will give 
the carcasses of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls 
of the air, and to the wild beasts of the earth; that all the earth 
may know that there is a God in Israel." 

Q — What more did David say/ 

A.— "And all this assembly shall know that the Lord Baveth 
not with sword and spear, for the battle is the Lord's and he will 
give you into our hands." 

Q.— What did David do when the Philistine drew nigh to m*et 
him? 

A.— He hasted and ran towards the army to meet the Philis- 
tine. 

Q. — What weapons did David use? 

A. — A sling and a stone. 

Q.—What use did he make of them? 

A.— "He threw the stone and smote the Philistine in the fore- 
head, that the stone sunk into his forehead: and he fell upon his 
face to the earth." 

Q.—What then did David do! 

A.— He ran and stood upon the Philistine's body, and cut oil' 
his head. 

Q.— Who»c sword did David use to cut oil' his enemy's head'' 

A.— The Philistine*'. 

Q— What did the I'll il is tin.- army do when they saw their 
champion was killed? 
A.— They fled. 
Q— What then did the children of Israel do? 

A.— They arose, and .-honied mid pursued the Philistines, 

Q.—What did they do when they returned from chasing after 
the Philistines? 

A.— They spoiled their tents. 

q._ what did David do with the bead of the Philistine? 

A. — He took it to Jerusalem. 



Si 





4=3 



J- IT "7" IE IN" I L IE HTSTBUOTOB 



^ 

^ 



the golden rule, 



Quiddy: 



Music by A. C. S. 



Tenor 

Treble 

Alto 



Basi 




The golden 




that's the law for me! Were this the law for 
J.-4 






=r=P== N ;q=:^r=::qr^ == r— =^^rq 



zz\=^—\z 



HI 



ClIORVS. 



rule, the 



golden rule, 



=3: 

— < 







3=^= 



~-?7- 






(Little Children.) 

We love our fathers, mothers too, 
Whose love our life attends; 
We love our brothers, sisters too, 
Our teachers and our friends. 



( TWo, ad Li/j. ) 

If each one sought the other's good, 
And lov'd the Lord's command — 
The golden rule, the.i would no war 
Be known in any land. 



(All (he Farts.) 

Were this the rule, in harmony, 
Our lives would pass away; 
And none would suffer, none be poor 
And none their trust betray. 



piece may be sung as a duet by either treble and alto, or treble and tenor. It may also be sung as a trio by treble 
tenor, and base; or treble, alto, and tenor. Or it may be sung as a four-part song. 



Note.— This little 
alto, and base; treble, 
The small note may be used when there is no alto. 



S TJ N ID J^lf LESSONS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



OS THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XX VI I. 




Q. — In whose house did they meet for the purpose of organiz- 
ing the Church? 

A.— In the house of Peter Whitmer. 

Q. — In what town and county? 

A.— At Fayette, Seneca Co., N. T. 

Q. — How many members was the Church organized with? 

A. — Only six members. 

O. — Mention the names of the first six members of the Church? 

A.— Joseph Smith Jr., Oliver Cowdery, Hyrum Smith, Peter 
Whitmer Jr., Samuel II. Smith and David Whitmer. 

Q. — What was next done? 

A. — Joseph Smith ordained Oliver Cowdery an elder of the 
Church. 

Q. — Who was ordained next? 

A. — Joseph Smith, 

Q. — Who ordained Joseph Smith? 

A.— Oliver Cowdery. 

Q. — How were these ordinations performed? 

A. — Iiv the laying on of hands and prayer. 

Q. — What did they next attend to at the meeting? 

A. — They partook of the Lord's 6upper or sacrament. 



Q- — In what way were Joseph and Oliver received as their spir- 
itual teachers by the other four members? 
A. — By their unanimous vote or consent. 
Q.— Which of the two was chosen as the first or chief elder? 
A. — Jose) ih Smith. 
Q. — Which as the second? 
A. — Oliver Cowdery. 



Be constant in what is good, but beware of being obstinate in 
anything that is evil; constancy is a virtue, but obstinacy is a sin. 



JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — - $2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

^©-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 



& 



