w 




'§si\'mtss ta i\t Iforli! 

'I 



cS 






'■,^1 




:,4.'-,^5C-^^. 









vi^i^V J^>- 5^ ^-«^-S 



VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUEDAY, SEPTEBIBER 28, 1872. 



NO. 20. 



THE ^TJK.OI2/JL BOK.EJLIjIS. 



'\70U have all, very likely, seen, at some time or other, what might suppose, from the gorgeous display and combination 



X is called the Aurora Borealis, or Northern Liahts, repre- 
sented by the accompanying beautiful engraving. There have 



of tints ■which then takes placo, that she was desirous 
of proving to mortals how great her artistic powers are. 




boon two or thr(^e of those exhibitions in this TeiTitory within I The Aurora BoroaUs are common in all tomperato and 
the last few weeks. They are among (he most beautiful countries, but they arc to bo seen on their grandest scale 
displays of Nature's iwwors, and during their progress one in the far off regions of the north, the nearer the pole the 



ooM 
only 
more 



ic?i3^ 



■» 



^W' 154= 



J- TJ "V E 3Sr I L E3 I HST STI2.TJO T O 12,. 



rp 



grand the show. Arctic explorers give accounts of displays of 
the Aurora witnessed by them in the icy regions which far sur- 
pass what are generally seen in temperate regions. The years 
183.5 and 1837 were remarkable for the brilliancy of these 
celestial phenomena; the displays in Europe and this country 
then were the most brilliant ever known, their splendor being so 
great that in some portions of the United States fire companies 
were called out, the impression being that the Aurora was an 
extensive fire. Such displays as those are very rare in temper- 
ate latitudes, and, as before said, it is only in regions where 
snow and ice are eternal that the Northern Lights are to be seen 
to perfection. Those far-ofi' regions, as you are aware, are 
sterile and barren; vegetation is of the most stunted descrip- 
tion ; and the people who dwell there are of the same character, 
being dwarfish and hardy, and having to carry on a constant 
conflict with the elements to sustain life. Throughout all 
nature a law of compensation is said to prevail, and it would 
almost seem, that as if by way of compensation, and as a sort 
of softener to the otherwise rigorous, desolate and barren char- 
acter of the climate and everything connected with the northern 
regions, Auroral displays in all their brilliancy and beauty are 
almost continual. T'his is but slight compensation for the many 
disadvantages there endured and encountered, but still it may 
be viewed in some such light. 

In the engraving you sec the reindeer, and you probably 
know that the very useful animal known by that name is a 
native of Lapland and other regions lying contiguous to the 
Arctic circle. The reindeer holds the same relative position to 
the natives of those distant and inhospitable lands as the camel 
does to the Arabs — it furnishes them with means of transporta- 
tion over their snowy wastes, and supplies them with food, 
clothing and nearly every necessary of life. In no other 
country could the reindeer live ; it is just fitted for snow and 
icebound regions like Lapland ; and reindeer, ice, snow and 
Aurora Borealis, or Northern Lights, are inseparable, the 
homes of all being the Arctic regions. 

The cause of the Aurora Borealis is not fully understood, but 
the investigations of scientific men have led to the opinion that 
it is owing to electric action in the atmosphere. This opinion 
seems to be confirmed by the fact that during displays of this 
kind the magnetic needle is considerably aifected, and also the 
operations of the electric telegraph. Some arctic explorers 
have said that the Aurora is accompanied by reports somewhat 
resembling thunder. Others have strongly contradicted this 
assertion. But there seems no doubt that the generation of 
electricity under some circumstances, as, for instance, during 
a thunder storm, is attended by this accompaniment; and we 
will tell you how you may prove this, by a very simple experi- 
ment. Some night when you are sitting in a darkened room, 
take pussy on your knee, and while stroking her coat quickly, 
you will sec small sparks issue therefrom, accompanied by a 
slight crai'kliug like the very faint sound of striking a lucifer 
mutch. These sparks are electricity, and the crackling is the 
report accompanying its generation. 

Latterly au opinion has been gaining ground that Auroral 
displays are the ]>recursors or forerunners of cool weather; and 
they have certainly been so fur the past two years in Utah. 
This has been markedly the case this season, which has been a 
very hot one. But since the Aurora, a few weeks since, the 
temperature has undergone a striking change, the nights and 
mornings being now quite cool, giving strong indications of an 
early Fall and 'Winter. 



ss-^z^ac 



A WISE man hath his foibles as well as a fool; but the differ- 
ence between them is, that the foibles of the wise man are kept 
from the world and known to himself; while the foibles of the 
fool aro known to the world, but concealed from himself. 



[Conoluded.) 



THE following is the address of President George A. 
Smith : 

"It is delightful to meet such a number of Sunday school 
children. I have enjoyed only a portion of the rich treat which 
has been manifested here this morning. I wish, simply, to im- 
press on the minds of our children, the necessity of punctual 
attendance at Sunday schools, for if it is thoroughly impressed 
on their minds, perhaps they may wake up their parents to get 
them ready, for it is really necessary for the parents of Sunday 
school children to feel the importance of doing this, in order that 
the attendance of the children may be regular, and punctual as 
to time. I would advise all Sunday school children, and every- 
body else, to make a practice of reading the Bible. I know it 
is customary to buy twenty-five cent yellow-covered literature, 
and to take papers, containing useless and, in many instances, 
very foolish tales, to read for amusement. I advise the reading 
of the Bible as being the most interesting and useful book that 
we have any knowledge of. I read it when I was quite a youth, 
and there are very many points in it equally as interesting as 
any novel, if we had only the spirit of reading it. I would 
advise our children, instead of reading the trashy tales and 
novels, so popular in this age, to make themselves familiar with 
the Juvenile Instructor and with the Church works; and I 
would say to our young men and women that if they will 
thoroughly master the Catechism, composed by Elder John 
Jaques, they will be prepared to defend our faith and religion 
against almost any opposer. Hence the formation of Bible 
classes, and the study of the sacred works — the Bible, Book of 
Mormon and Book of Doctrine and Covenants, as illustrated 
and epitomised in this Catechism — is very important. 

" I exhort our young men and women, and our old ones too, 
to contribute liberally to sustain Sunday schools, and to be on 
hand to officiate as teachers, that the superintendents may not 
find themselves with a flock of children at Sunday school, and 
have to improvise teachers from the classes, as is sometimes the 
ease now. 

" The impressions which are made on us in childhood aro last- 
ing, and an efibrt should be made by us to mould the minds of 
our children aright, and to make good impressions upon them 
while they aro j'oung. 

" It is not my design to make many remarks. I am gratified 
at the signs of progress which I see hero. I trust they may 
continue and increase, and that through the efforts now being 
made, our children may be placed in possession of the princii)les 
of pure and undefiled religion, and that they may observe the 
same throughout their lives. May blessings and peace bo upon 
you in all your efforts, is my prayer in the name of Jesus, 
Amen." 

Elder Cannon spoke as follows : 

"The children who reside in these valleys have very many 
opportunities of acquiring a knowledge of the things of God, 
which those who reside elsewhere do not have. I am very 
pleased to be at this Sunday school gathering this morning, and 
to hear the correct replies of the children to the questions which 
have been put to them by the Superintendent. Their progress 
is very satisfactory, and it shows, children, that great care has 
been taken by your teachers and superintendents in imparting 
unto you correct knowledge of those points that are necessary 
for you to understand. There are many grown people in the 
Church, I believe, who could not answer the questions asked 
you this morning as correctly as you have done. This is one 
advantaRO you have through coming to Sunday school ; and 
there arc many others you will have if you i)ersovere in your 
attendance. Every boy and girl belonging to this Church 




f 



?§^* 



JTJ"^E2SriLE IISTSTI^/TJOTOI?.. 



155 



^ 



should be able to answer any and every question connected with 
their religion. Of course, you can not learn this all at once ; 
but by attending Sunday schools you can accjuire a great amount 
of knowledge that will be very useful in years to come. 

"When I have been away on missions I have seen young 
men sent out to preach the gospel whose knowledge of its prin- 
ciples was very limited. This I have regretted ; but there is 
no need for boys reared in the Church to be ignorant on such 
points, or of the leading points of the history of the Church. 
Every boy and girl in this community should make an effort to 
attend school every Sunday, and they should listen to what is 
said, and take pains to remember it, so that when they grow up 
they may have a thorough knowledge of every point connected 
with the organization of the Church, and with the dates on 
which important events occurred, as well as a knowledge of 
doctrine, all of which they can gain in the Sunday school. 

"I would like to see in every Sunday school, as well as hav- 
ing Bible classes, classes in the Book of Mormon and in the 
Book of Doctrine and Covenants, so that the boys and the girls 
will all become familiar with the predictions which God has 
given unto us in these last days, as well as the precious truths 
contained in the Book of Mormon. That book is simple and 
easily understood, and by reading it, you can gain a great 
amount of very excellent information. I do not know of any 
book — that and the Bible, and the Book of Doctrine and 
Covenants, of course, are ail alike in this respect — but I have 
sometimes thought that there is a spirit and an influence about 
the Book of Mormon that other works do not possess. Because 
of its simplicityj among many other reasons, it is a precious 
record, and the children should learn to appreciate it ; and to 
do this they should have classes in it, then they may become 
thoroughly acquainted with all the revelations and doctrines set 
forth therein. 

" I wish now to call the attention of the boys to some partic- 
ulars, which I regret to have to mention. I see that, in places, 
some of them are falling into the habit of using bad language. 
I hope that the boys in Logan do not indulge in taking God's 
name in vain, and expressions of that kind. Boys, you should 
never do this, and you should never associate with those who 
do. Some boys will swear, and curse and damn things. Now 
swearing is not gentlemanly, and no boy should be guilty of it, 
and certainly no girl should be guilty of such vulgarity. Boys 
and girls, let me tell you that vulgar expressions of any kind 
show bad breeding in those who use them ; besides, they are 
contrary to the spirit of the gospel, and the boy or girl who uses 
them, shows that his or her manners have not been properly 
attended to. It is a mark of bad breeding and ill manners for 
any boy or girl to use vulgar or low expressions. 

"I have met with a great many men who seemed to think 
that taking the name of God in vain was an accomplishment ; 
they seemed to be proud of it, and would use such expressions 
with great freedom. Such conduct is very disgusting, it is no 
mark of a gentleman, but on the contrary, as I have already 
said, it is a sure indication of a neglected education ; and any 
man or boy among the Latter-day Saints who will damn his 
oxen, horses or cows, or people, is guilty of a very repre- 
hensible habit, and one that should be discontinued. There is 
no necessity, whatever, to use expressions of this kind. 

" A good many boys think that when they can smoke a pipe 
or cigar, or chew tobacco it is a sign of manliness. This is a 
very foolish idea, and I hope that it is not entertained by any 
of you. Some boys also think that if they can drink whisky it 
is manly. This is another foolish idea and practice. You 
should make up your minds now, in boyhood, never to touch 
liquor. Never allow it to enter your lips. Never defile your 
mouth with tobacco, either to smoke or chew. So also with tea 
and coffee. A great many girls think it is very nice to drink tea 
with their mothers; they see them drink it, and they think it 
is very nice. It is a very bad habit; it injures your health. 



' hurts your teeth, is bad for your nerves, and is unhealthy in 
every way, and should never be used, especially by children, 
and I hope that all of you will abstain from these habits. 

"I can recollect when, the age of some of you here, I was 
taught the Word of Wisdom. I read it in the Book of Coven- 
ants. I made up my mind never to use tobacco or liquor, tea or 
coffee. I am thankful I did so. I am thankful I never acquir- 
ed these habits. I know that I am just as healthy and just as 
well off because I have never used these things, as I would have 
been if I had. Every boy and girl in this community should 
grow up free from all these bad habits. They all should use 
correct language, and be polite and courteous. There is a great 
deal of rudeness among our boys, and, I sometimes think, too 
much among our girls. Learn in your childhood and youth to 
be polite. Some years ago, 1 visited Norway — a country far 
away in the north of Europe, and I was very much delighted 
while there with the polite manners of tho children. They 
would come into the house — little boys — and, pulling off their 
hats, would walk up to and salute a stranger politely, without 
any embarrassment of manner, and that was very pleasing 
indeed to me. I was struck with it, and often think that our 
little boys might copy their examples with advantage. When 
you are spoken to, always reply civilly and in a proper manner, 
and not rudely. If you see a stranger, treat liim with kindness; 
and if he asks you a question that is not an improper one, 
answer him politely. Treat old age, also, with respect and 
politeness. No boy or girl who is well bred will sit on a seat 
while an old gentleman or lady is standing, but will always b(i 
wOling to show respect" to age when brought in contact with it. 
They should take pleasure in doing so ; and they should be 
respectful to their parents, and to all who are older than them- 
selves; and children should never contradict their elders if 
there is a difference of opinion between them, but listen 
respectfully to what they have to say, that is, if they are per- 
sons whose lives are correct, or who are entitled to respect. 
There are some people, of course, whom I would not wish to 
see any of our boys listen to or obey, that is, bad men or bad 
women. You should be respectful to your teachers, and listen 
to them : they are older than you are, and know more than 
you do, and you can not do better than to listen to what 
they have to say. By cultivating these habits, the blessing 
of the Lord will rest upon j'ou, and you wUl be a comfort to 
your parents and a joy to those with whom you are brought in 
contact. 

" I trust that you will remember the teachings that you have 
had this morning, and endeavor to profit thereby, and by all 
you are taught in your Sunday schools, that you may grow up 
before the Lord a blessing to your generation, which I ask in 
the name of Jesus, Amen." 



Just before Lafayette's last visit to America, Webster was 
one of a fishing party in Massachusetts Bay. He had been 
selected to deliver the welcoming speech to the great French- 
man on his approaching visit, and during the piscatory occu- 
pation he seemed very much abstracted. A gentleman who 
was fishing next to him addressed him several times without 
receiving so much as a nod in answer. By and by Webster 
began pulling in his line, hand over hand, with efforts which 
plaiuly signified that a large fish had been hooked; but upon 
his face there was not a single gleam of that eager joy which 
usually accompanies such an event. At length the fish was 
seen approaching the surface, gleaming through tho green 
water like burnished silver, still Webster's face gave not a sign 
of pride or gratification; but just as the fish left the water he 
burst out, in tones of solemn rapture: "Venerable man! 
Sage patriot, and soldier 1 Kepresentative of two hemis- 
pheres! Welcome to our shores once more!" And down 
dropped the monster cod upon the deck. 



if* 

i 




J-TJ^B3^ILE1 I:N"STI^TJ0T0I^, 



'fm'^^i 



f 



w 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBEE 28, 1872. 




^HAKESPEAKE says that aU the world's a 
^ stage, and all tlie men and women are the 
players thereon; and, to follow out the 
simile, we can see that just as it is on the 
mimic stage of the theatre, so it is on the 
stage of the world, and in the "play" of 
''Life" — some of the actors are "stars" — 
they occupy influential positions and are 
looked up to by their fellows; some are 
"leading ladies and gentlemen," others com- 
mon "stock," and others, again, only "supers;" 
but all are necessary to fill the bill. 

With as much propriety as the above might 
the world be likened to a school or university, 
and its inhabitants to the scholars or students 
tlierein. 

You all know that during your attendance at school 
you receive good or bad marks, the number of each 
being regulated according to your attendance, be- 
havior, and the proficiency you make in the several 
branches of education j'ou may have studied there. In colleges 
— the highest grade of schools or institutions of learning — there 
are also methods of determining the merits or demerits of the 
students, and though different to those in use in ordinary 
schools, they are unfailing. All students who enter the famous 
colleges of this country or Europe, no doubt have an ambition 
and a hope tliat, at sometime, they will graduate therefrom with 
honor ; and, though their course before their final examination, 
whether diligent and studious, or the reverse, may have been 
unknown to any but themselves, it can not be concealed then, 
and the degree then conferred upon or withheld from them, 
gives the infallible measure of their mental status or condi- 
tion. If the proficiency of the student is such that he gains 
the highest degree that can be obtained, it is an unfailing 
sign tliat his diligence and industry have never flagged ; but 
if he has been careless and indifferent, has neglected his 
opportunities and foolishly frittered away his time, the examin- 
ation reveals the fact in spite of any effort he may make to 
conceal it. 

Now it is a good deal so in life. Very few have the privilege 
of attending the great seminaries of learning referred to above, 
but all are students in the school of human experience; and our 
religion has taught us that we are sent to this stage of existence 
to learn its lessons and to gain experience that can be gained only 
by passing through such a probation as this; and just as surely as 
the final examination of students at a university tells their 
status, so will our final examination, or the striking of the 
balance sheet of life tell, in every instance, how we have gradu- 
ated and what kind of students we have been. Take whatever 
course in life we may, it has an abiding — an everlasting influ- 
ence upon us, helps to mould our character, carries with it its 
own effects, and leaves its good or bad marks on the soul to be 
read by the eye of Omniscience. 

Human life, then, is the most important of all schools, the 
grandest of all colleges with which we are acquainted ; and you 
and I — all of us, are students therein. Seeing that we are im- 
mortal beings^ and that our own acts shape our fate and destiny 



here and hereafter, how essential it is, for our own best inter- 
ests, that we should endeavor to graduate with honor 1 

You children, who read the Juvenile Insteuctoe — most of 
you born, and all of you reared in Utah, have many, very many 
advantages and helps in this direction that children elsewhere do 
not possess. You are taught the truth, and you have around you 
very few of the evil examples and influences to be seen in other 
parts of the world. From your earliest years you are taught 
by parents and teachers to shun every evil way, and to practice 
only that which is good, pure and true ; and in addition to all 
this, you know that you are members of a community whose 
mission is to build up the kingdom ot God on the earth — ^a 
kingdom which must be founded in righteousness and truth, and 
that will stand for ever. 

Youth is the time to lay the foundation for future well-doing. 
Learn to love truth and righteousness then, and they will be 
natural and sweet to you ever after. You are receiving all the 
assistance that can be given to form your principles and develop 
your minds in the right direction ; and when the fact is being 
demonstrated before you, in human experience, that wrong 
doing is the sure road to unhappiness and misery, and that the 
course of the just and righteous is the only one that leads to 
true and permanent happiness and to the highest exaltation, the 
fixed determination of your hearts should be to make the best 
use of time, and to use every effort to graduate with honor in 
the grand school of human life and experience. 



Kites Ahot. — The following is inserted here by request of 
the Superintendent of the Deseret Telegraph Company. If 
parents will read it, and use their influence to have their 
sons read and observe it, they will be subserving the public 
welfare : 
Editor Juvenile Insfruclor ; 

You will confer a favor on the Telegraph Companies by ask- 
ing boys not to fly kites in proximity to telegraph wires, as 
they very often "foul" the lines and give serious trouble, 
especially during wet weather. If parents will urge their sous 
to keep away from the wires with kites, and not to throw 
rocks at the insulators, Superintendents will feel under obliga- 
tions. ■" Respectfully, 

A. M. MussER. 



XjE^:f by le^ip the 

K.OSES EJ^XjI... 



Leaf by leaf tbe roses fall, 

Drop by drop the springe run dry, 
One by one beyond recall, 

Summer beauties fade and die; 
But the roses bloom again, 

And the spring will gush anew, 
In the pleasant April rain, 

And the Summer sun and dew. 

So in hours of deepest gloom, 

"When the springs of gladness fail, 
And the roses in the bloom, 

Uroop like maidens wan and pale. 
AVe shall find some hope that lies 

Like a silent gem apart, 
Hidden far from careless eyes 

In the garden of the heart. 

Some eweet hope to gladness wed, 

That will spring afresh and new, 
When grief's Winters shall have fled, 

Givhig place to rain and dew — 
Some sweet hope that breathes of Spring, 

Through the weary, weary time ; 
Budding for its blossoming 

In the spirit's glorious clime. 



iSeteeled. 



1 



^^^' 



5^.^11^' 



G-T7^E3sriLE XIsT S TI^TJO T O 12,. 



157 



TliE .A. 12. nyC 7^ ID Z L L O . 



HERE you have the engraving of a very curious looking 
animal, protected with a complete coat of mail or armor, 
just as though he were a dangerous fellow — a kind of Ishmael 
among animals, with his teeth and claws against all and the 
teeth and claws of all against him ; and as if Nature, desirous 
of preserving him from utter extinction, had provided him with 
a shield to protect himself from his enemies. But the fact is, 
the Armadillo is one of the most inoffensive animals in exist- 
ence, and notwithstanding his formidable appearance is no 
more to be feared than a hedgehog. Very few of you, we 
expect, have ever seen one, for they are not natives of Utah, 
nor of the United States. Children who have lived in the 
Eagt, or in Great Britain, may have seen them, for, on account 
oF their armorijlate, they are generally included in collections of 
wild animals, and if any of you have ever been in such exhibi- 
tions, or "shows" either in the Eastern States or in Great 
Britain, you have most likely seen an Armadillo. 

This curious little animal is a native of the pampas or exten- 
sive plains of the South American continent. There are several 
species of them, all having the same general appearance, but 
differing in size and varying in the number of their teeth and 
toes, and in other small matters. The number of teeth ranges 
from seven or 
eight, to twenty- 
four on each side 
ol the upper and 
lower jaw; while 
some have four 
toes on each of 
the fore feet, and 
others five; and 
all are said to 
have five on each 
of the hind feet. 
The different 
species vary con- 
siderably in size 
when full grown, 
some being little 
more than a foot 
long, while the 
largest, called 
the Giant Arma- 
dillo, is over a 
yard, without 

the tail. As far as his dietetic habit3 are concerned, the Arma- 
dillo is omnivorous, like man, the bear and the pig; that is to 
say, he will eat fruit and vegetables, as well as flesh, for he is 
very fond of the former, and also greedily devours ants, worms, 
small lizards and carrion, or putrid flesh, his native regions 
furnishing abundance of the latter, for many wild cattle are 
slaughtered yearly there for their hides, the carcasses being left 
to rot on the prairie. 

The Armadillo burrows in the ground, like the mole, and 
being provided with short and very strong legs, and sharp ; 
claws, it works its way downward with extraordinary rapidity. 
When alarmed, it can also run faster than a man ; but it never j 
shows fight, invariably seeking safety under ground. Oae j 
species of these animals, called the Hairy ArmadOlo, has one 
strange peculiarity — that of burrowing into the bodies of dead , 
horses, starting at whatever point begins to decay first. Once 
inside, it stays there until nothing but the skeleton of the 
horse is left. 

When the mouth of the Armadillo is closed the teeth in the 
upper and lower jaws are so arranged that they fit together 




its whole body. This armor has three main divisions, called 
bucklers, one on the head, one on the shoulders and the other 
on the haunches. They are hard and almost destitute of 
pliability, and if they extended over the entire body, would 
retard the movements of the animal. But if you look at the 
engraving you will notice a number of what are called annular — 
ringlike — bands connecting the bucklers. These rings or bands 
are narrow, of the same material as the bucklers, and are so 
arranged as to permit the readiest movement of the animal in 
any direction. Some species of the Armadillo can roll them- 
selves up in the shape of a ball, and in this form, protected by 
their armor, they can be thrown distances, or kicked, without 
injury. The tail and legs of most of the species are armor- 
plated, as well as their bodies. 

The flesh of this singular looking animal is considered, by 
the Indians and other inhabitants of the regions where they are 
found, a great luxury as food. They are roasted entire, shell 
and all, and were it not for their fecundity — the females bring- 
ing forth eight or ten young ones each year — they would soon 
be extinct. 

It is curious to notice, among animals, the various methods 
adopted by Nature, for their defence, and to provide for their 
wants. The armor of the Armadillo very closely resembles 
that worn by men-at-arms in the middle ages, and one might 

almost suppose 
that the idea of 
the latter was 
obtained from 
the former; but 
no such animal 
had ever been 
seen in Europe 
in those days. 
In a future 
number we shall 
have something 
to tell you about 
some of these 
peculiarities in 
natural history, 
especially among 
the denizens of 
the ocean, some 
of whom spear 
their prey,othcrs 
shoot it, others 
hunt it, others 
again actually catch it with rod and line, these various species 
of marine life being provided with spear, shooting apparatus, 
angling tackle, etc., showing Nature's unlimited power of 
providing means of attack as well as defence for the various 
classes of her handiwork. 



IT T 



T O I^ "Y" O IP 
O 131 TJ Ey O 131. 
{Continued.') 



T XI E! 




AS soon as the object of Captain Allen's visit was known to 
President Young and the council, they sent an invitation 
to the brethren within the camp to assemble. At the meeting, 
President Young introduced Captain Allen to the people, 
and ho addressed them, stating the object for which he had 
been sent. He attributed the call to the benevolence of James 
B. Polk, President of the United States : said that he wanted 
five hundred of the Latter-day Saints, and spoke of it as though 



like the teeth of two saws. But its great peculiarity is its : it were a favor, for there were hundreds of thousands of vol- 
armor — a shelly or horny substance — which, as you see, covers unteers in the States, he said, ready to enlist if called upon. 



,^^gfi^ 



IBS 



CTTJ'VEZtTIIl.Ei IITSa?S/TJOTOI^. 



^> 



He read bis orders from Colonel Kearney, and a circular which 
he had issued at Mount Pisgah, and explained them. Captain 
Allen did not inform the people — for the reason probably, that he 
knew nothing about it — what the design was in case the battalion 
was not raised. The secret history of the transaction is, as Presi- 
dent Young was afterwards iaformed on the best of authority, 
that Thomas H. Benton, United States Senator from the State 
of Missouri, got a pledge from IVsident Polk, that if the Mor- 
mons did not raise the battalion of five hundred he might have 
the privilege of raising volunteers in the upper countries of 
Jlissouri, to fall upon them and use them up. 

Captain Allen in all his dealings with the people deported 
himself as a gentleman and gained the goodwill of the leading 
men of the camp, as well as of all the volunteers. 

The assembly was addressed, after Captain Allen had finished, 
by President Young. He asked the people to make a distinction 
between this action of the General Government, in calling upon 
them for volunteers,and their former oppressions in Missouri and 
Illinois. The people had so recentlj' suffered from mobocracy in 
being driven from their homes, and stripped of their possessions, 
and compelled to flee into the wilderness, without having any re- 
monstrance made in their behalf by the authorities of the govern- 
ment, that they naturally felt it to be a hard request to make of 
them, while their families were in the midst of the wilderness 
and homeless wanderers, to enlist as soldiers to fight with 
JMexico. If the plan were a benevolent one they failed to per- 
ceive where the benevolence came in. It required all the 
influence of President Young and his brethren to raise the 
battalion of men, for it seemed to present itself as another act of 
jiersecution, to call upon them to leave their families under such 
circumstances in the midst of an unknown country. 

Elder Heber C. Kimball motioned at this meeting that a 
battalion of five hundred men be raised, in conformity with the 
requisition of the government. This was seconded by Elder 
Willard Richards, and carried unanimously. 

After the meeting. President Young walked out as recuiling 
sergeant, with Willard Ilichards as clerk. A number of names 
were given as volunteers. There not being men enough in the 
camp at Council Bluffs to fill the requirements, a council was 
held, and it was voted that President Brigham I'^oung and 
Heber C. Kimball should go to Mount Pisgah to raise volun- 
teers. They started on the 3d of July, and were accompanied 
by Elder Willard Eichards and several brethren on horseback. 
They met numbers of the people traveling towards the Bluffs, 
to whom they explained the object of their journey, and with 
whom they held meetings as opportunity oflfered. They also 
met among others Elder Jesse C. Little, who had been acting 
as President in the Now England and Middle States. He had 
visited Washington and had learned from President Polk of the 
intentions of the government to raise a battalion of men, and he 
had immediately started for the camp by way of Nauvoo. He 
had been very active in his labors in the East, and had done all 
in his power to create a sympathy in behalf of the people. 

On the Gth Presidents Young, Kimball and Richards reached 
Mount Pisgah. From this point they sent epistles to Garden 
Grove and to Nauvoo, informing the Saints of the move that was 
being made to raise a battalion of five hundred; and calling for 
them to send forward all the men they could spare to strengthen 
the canjp. From Garden Grove they called for volunteers for 
the battalion. At Mount Pisgah they held a meeting, at which 
they set forth the object of their visit and the anxiety they had 
to raise the number of men which the government required. 
They remained at Pisgah until the evening of the 9th, at which 
time they started back for the camp at the Bluffs, which they 
reached on the 12th. 

During their absence the work of raising volunteers had been 
inessed, but the necessary number had not been raised. Upon 
their return this business was vigorously pushed forward, strong 
appeals being made to those of suitable age to enlist. Presi- 



dent Young told the people that if they wanted the privilege of 
going where they could worship God according to the dictates 
of there own consciences the battalion must be raised ; it was 
right to raise it, and the blessings they were looking forward to 
could only bo obtained by sacrifice ; surrounding circumstances 
must be cast from their minds, they must let them go. They 
might as well consider themselves in good circumstances as in 
bad ones ; he knew that every man was well supplied, for he 
was as well acquainted with the situation of every man in camp 
as he was himself Though there were no more men than 
were actually needed to take care of the families and teams, and 
to perform the necessary amount of travel, yet the battalion 
must be formed. He said, "We have lived near so many old 
settlers who would always say 'get out,' that we should be 
thankful for the privilege of going to settle a new country. 
You are going to march to California, suppose that country 
ultimately comes under the government of the United States, 
which ought to be the case, we would be the old settlers and 
could say ' get out.' Suppose we refuse to raise a battalion, 
what will we do ? If you wont go, I will go, and leave you. 
We told you some time ago we would fit you out for the pur- 
pose, and now we are ready to do so with Captain Allen as 
agent for the United States to help us." At this meeting it 
was voted unanimously that President Young and the council 
nominate the ofTici-rs for the several companies. 
ilo he Continued.) 



[F'or the Juvenile Inslrtwlor, 






% 



THIS lDXJ^l^<D2>riD. 



CARBON is our themel Not the anthracitic form of that 
element; or the black, spongy, opaque, brittle variety known 
as coke; or the dingy, porous, friable substance, called charcoal , 
but the brilliant, transparent, soUd kind, which men prize so 
highly for its lustre as a gem — the diamond ; — this is carbon in 
the crystalline form! Of carbon as an elementary body much 
has been already said, of the forms it assumes in the great 
kaleidoscope of Nature, of its mutations and combinations, but 
little has been said of its individuality^ or distinct existence. 

Long ago the combustibility of the diamond was suspected, 
it is now satisfactorily proved ; by the lens, (that is by con- 
centrating the solar rays by a "magnifying glass," as many of 
our young readers call the lens they use to light paper) by the 
blowpipe, and by the electric spark. Of the results of some 
experiments something will presently be said that may be 
interesting and instructive ; but, as there are facts worth know- 
ing in the history of the diamond that the young reader may 
not be acquainted with, and that will bear repeating to those 
who are familiar with them, they will be briefly noticed. 

It appears that the diamond was one of the precious stones 
set in the breastplate of Aaron, which shows the great antiquity 
of this stone as a jewel. Then, writers of the commencement 
of the Christian era speak of it as "the most costly of human 
possessions." This shows the value set upon the gem. In the 
middle ages we road of emperors and potentates being "adorned 
with diamonds." The gem was used from the earliest ages in 
the decoration of church ornaments. One of the most remark- 
able diamonds, the koh-i-noor, now the property of the Queen 
of England, was formerly owned by the King of Golconda. It 
was obtained from him by conquest, and was for many years 
worn by the great Mogul Emperor, the conqueror, and his 
descendants. This beautiful gem merits its oriental name, koh- 
i-noor which means "mountain of light;" no wonder that for 



IM 



i2f^^ 



5, 



■diiB 



TTJ^VEZSriLE insrSTI2.TJOTOK.. 



159 iQi 



80 many centuries it has been so greatly prized. It is said to 
have been found in the Golconda luiues before the birth of 
Christ, and to have been re-discovered some three centuries ago. 
From the Mogul this gem ^vas taken by the Persians in 1739 
and carried with immense booty to the khorassan, or palace of 
state. When the Shah was murdered the koh-i-noor was car- 
ried oflf by AflFghan soldiers to ladia, and remained in the 
possession of the Affghan monarch and his descendants until 
1800. At that time the coveted gem was missing for a time, 
much to the mortification of the usurper of the throne; at length 
it was found secreted in the prison walls of the monarch who 
had been dethroned. But a little while and the usurper him- 
self was in turn driven from the throne, carrying with him the 
famous jewel concealed about his person. In exile he took 
refuge among a warlike people known as Sikhs, the chief of 
whom, suspecting the diamond was on the person of bis guest, 
demanded and at length obtained it. The jewel then was used 
to decorate a frightful looking idol at Orissa, and was at last 
seized by the English. From this time the natives of India 
gave up all hopes of recovering supremacy, as they have a tradi- 
tion that with the transfer of the gem from one chief to another 
the government of India invariable passes. This gem is won- 
derful for its brilliance, and better known than many others that 
monarchs possess, because it has been and still is exhibited 
publicly; it is now among the crown jewels of the Queen of 
England as "Empress of India." Who will own it next? 

Among the diamonds famous for beauty and value, that of 
the Nizam, one of the native sovereigns of India, is a gem that 
was discovered in a singular manner. A little native girl was 
playing with the pretty stone when some one offered a few 
annas for it. This gave rise to a suspicion on the part of the 
parents, who were poor persons, and ultimately led to the dis- 
covery of the bright stone being a real diamond. Then there is 
the "Pitt diamond," also the "Orloff," or great diamond of the 
Kussian sceptre; and, among the large specimens, the great 
diamond of the Emperor of Brazil, discovered by a negro slave. 
It weighs 1680 carats, and its worth is said to be over twenty- 
seven millions of dollars in gold 1 

There are many other celebrated diamonds that need not be 
described, as the composition of all is the same — carbon. Pure 
anthracite coal when submitted to the action of the battery, 
lens, and blowpipe, "fuses and falls in drops." Charcoal is 
converted into graphite and is afterwards volatizod, by the 
same intense heat used for fusing the diamond. When the 
diamond is exposed to the action of heat gradually, to prevent it 
splitting at a high temperature, it changes color, is "blackened, 
assumes the appearance of graphite, or "blacklead," and leaves 
a mark on paper. It is said that the tube in which the experi- 
ments were made, was submitted to the combined action of 
solar heat by the lens, to the intense heat of the blowpipe, and 
the electric fire, and ''was kept at a white heat for twenty 
minutes." Under this fierce heat for seventeen minutes one 
diamond remained unchanged, although, "at a higher temper- 
ature it was immediately fused, and, when cooled, crumbled 
between the fingers." Sis small diamonds, exposed to the 
most intense heat for a few minutes, were "reduced to dust." 

From all that can bo learned it ajipears that the diamond 
when exposed to intense heat first changes to charcoal, then to 
graphite, it then fuses into globules and finally becomes entirely 
disintegrated. Other forms of carbon, submitted to the same 
heat change as follows ; charcoal is reduced to vapor; before it 
ia thus changed it may bo bent like metal, fused and welded. 
With increased temperature it becomes hard like graphite, and 
continues so up to a certain point, it then behaves like the dia- 
mond — fuses and volatizes. Pure graphite, remains pure 
graphite, but is finally dissipated. The diamond, like every 
litli. I- fijrm of carbon, is first changed into graphite and at last 
disjipated. 

The origin of the diamond is thought to be organic, it may 



be from the gaseous hydro-carbons under pressure and at high 
temperatures; at all events it is crystallized, for the marks of 
other crystals are seen upon it, at times, showing that clusters 
of crystals have been formed together. It is said that diamonds 
are now found in our Kocky Mountains ; this remains to be 
proved. Quartz crystals when abraded or water- worn may be 
mistaken for diamonds. It may be that the true gem and the 
quartz crystals are found together ; the true and the false are 
frequently found together among minerals as well as among 
men. Beth. 



T EC E 



s T o iL. E -tr 



C3- O L 3D 



AT twelve years of age, Walter Stevens became an orphan 
and was thrown, homeless, penniless and friendless, upon 
the cold, wicked world. But God never forsakes his children in 
their hour of need. A friend was raised up for him in the per- 
son of Mr. Hall, whose kind heart was moved with compassion 
at the sight of the sorrowing, destitute boy, and he took him 
home, and gave him employment in his store. It was an act 
of pure, disinterested benevolence, for he did not need his sei"- 
vices; he was a man in modsrate circumstances, doing a small 
business, and he and liis clerk could perform all there was to do 
with ease. But Mr. Hall knew that the boy was penniless, 
with no place to lay his head, and, acting upon the basis of a 
broad, Christain love, he brought the chOd to his own home, 
and made him a member of his family. And this was not all, 
he sent him to school a portion of the yeai", and gave him all 
the advantages his limited income would allow. 

Mrs. Hall, too, like a tuie woman, as she was, entered into 
her husband's views, and seconded all his plans for the benefit 
of the orphan. 

Walter Stevens had been with Mr. Hall two years at the 
time our story commences, and had proved himself a smart, 
active, hard-working lad, thoroughly devoted to the interest of 
his benefactors, for Mr. and Mrs. Hall his affection was un- 
bounded, and they, in turn, reposed in him the highest con- 
fidence and regard. 

" Walter," said Mr. Hall, as he stood, with his hat in hand, 
ready to leave for liis place of business, "you need not come to 
the store for two hours. It is so stormy this morning, that 
there will be but few customers in, and Henry and I can attend 
to them well enough without you, so you may have the time to 
devote to your studies." 

Then, turning to his wife, who was just then passing through 
the room, with some books in her baud, which she was going 
up-stairs to deposit, he added, — 

"Mr. Williams, the tailor, will call here this morning, t/j 
bring some clothes he has been making for mo, and I should 
like to have you pay him; here is the money." 

Saying this, he laid down a twenty dollar gold iiicce on the 
table. 

"Very well, I will attend to it," she answered, and passed 
on uyi the stairs. 

A bright, shining gold piece, just from the mint! Xo wonder 
it pleased the eye of Ella, Mr. Hall's little daughter, over whose 
head three summers only had passed, and, in an instant, when 
her mother's back was turned, she ran to tiie talile, and seized 
it with her little bund, quite unobserved by any one. 

"Here, papa, let mc do, too. Baby want to do out with 
you," she cried, seeing her father open the door into the hall; 
and gliding past him, still keeping tight hold of her treasure, 
she scampered off into the kitchen. 

Her mother was up-stairs, and she had the room all to her- 
self. She threw the gold piece up and down for some time, 
catching it in her hands, then she rolled it on the floor, calling 
it her wheel, and finally becoming weary of that, and espying a 



9^:^ 




ISO 



CTTJVElsriLEI IIsrSTIS.TJOTOE;. 



'^^^t 



coflfee-pot in the closet, she said "she would make b'lievo it was 
toffee, and make some for papa's dinner." Accordingly she 
raised the lid of tho coffee-pot and dropped into it the gold 



piece. 



At that moment her mother called from the room above : — 

"Ella, come up here. I want you to put on a clean apron." 

" Ella tumming, mamma, Ella tumming," she cried. And 
leaving her " make b'lieve toffee," she began scrambling up the 
stairway. 

"Mary," said Mr. Hall to his wife, at the dinner-table, "I 
suppose Mr. Williams has called? Did you think to take a 
receipt for the money you paid him 7" 

"Oh, yes, he called," she answered. But you forgot to 
leave me the money, Edward." 

"No, I did not forget. I loft you a twenty dollar gold piece 
on the table." 

" I know you said you did, but I could not find it, and sup- 
posed you'd forgotten to leave it." 

" You must have overlooked it," said her husband. 

Upon going into the sitting-room, both began searching for 
the missing gold piece. The lamp and the books were removed 
from the table, the cloth taken up and shaken, and every part 
of the carpet was examined; but no money could be found. 
( To he continued. ) 



■ >3'<^B^QC 



rw'orlbe Joivcnile Iti.'jtriirt,'<r. 



%titt$^lif^\tht\Ut. 



Salt Lakh City, PcplcmliT M, 18":^. 
JCdilor Juvenile Insiructor : 

By request I furnish you the following uilnutcs of a meeting of 
Superintendents and Teachers of Sabhath seliools, held at the City 
Hall on Monday evening August 5th, at half-past 7 p.m., as per 
adjournment. 

Superintendent George Goddard presidhig. 

After singing, the opening prayer was offered by Bro. McLaurhliu. 

Minutes of former meeting read and accepted. 

Superintendent Robert L. Campbell suggested the propriety of hav- 
in'.r the minutes published in the Juvenile Instbuctor. 

Superintendent George Goddard said he thought it would be a good 
idea to have a digest of these meetings published in the Juvenile 
IssTHUCTOR, for the beneflt of schools in the country, and he trusted 
that increased interest would be manifested in carrying out the 
instructions and wishes of Elder Cannon. 

Kldei' William WiUcs said he had been traveling for several mouths 
I'ast, and had visited the Sabbath schools, which he found existed 
\rith only one or two exceptions in every settlement. He stated that 
the Roman Catholics made it a great point to instill into the minds of 
I lie young, the dogmas of their religion. He regretted witnessing a 
disposition on the part of many of the rising generation to depart from 
the teachings of their parents, and he thought every cll'ort should be 
made to retain them in the truth. 

Elder George E. G. Taylor said he catechised his class of adult 
scholars as though they were missionaries on thcif way to Europe 
and he was a stranger asking for information; he found by varying 
the exercises the scholars were interested. 

Elder Lucius I'cck, of the I'jlh Ward, said he found his occupation 
as a Toicher of an adult class a very interesting one, as they alwaj's 
found subjects of interest in the lessons thcj' read. 

Elder Levi W. Richards said, as the Committee ou School Register 
lie had nsitcd the 13th, lyth and L'Oth Ward schools, and he intended 
to extend his visits, as the more he attended the better his ideas were 
in regard to the matter, and be bad not as yet matured a form that 
fully answered his wishes. He approved of adult classes, as he, while 
on a mission, had expcrituccd the want of early and proper tuition. 

Snpcrintcndcnt Da-ns, of the 17th Ward, said that he represented 
fifty scholars — there was no other Teacher. He found the most inter- 
esting time was while catechising. There was a marked improvement 
in the behavior of the scholars since the commencement of the school. 



Superintendent Lamboume said there was no falling oflf in the 
attendance of the 30th Ward school, which numbered from 250 to 260. 
He had no adult class yet, but he was endeavoiing to get one. 

Sister East was very much pleased to see so much Interest in Sab- 
bath schools, as she deemed it very necessary, and realizing its 
importance, she attended a class in the 14th Ward, and gave her 
attention and faith to assist in training the youth. She felt that 
adult Teachers were very valuable, as young girls could not command 
the atteution that was necessary, and an additional reason was that 
strangers visited the schools. She said it was equally necessary for 
young ladies to learn as the young men, and it was a good idea to 
cultivate music and smging, as it had a tendency to refine and make 
home, as well as school, a place of pleasure and delightful resort. 

Elder J. B. Mai ben spoke of the necessity of continued exertions to 
instm the principles and spirit of the gospel in ourselves and others, as 
there were active representatives of other faiths, who were untiring in 
their efforts to proselyte the young to their false creeds, and notwith- 
standing their diversity of faith, they were united in doing everything 
in their power to undermine the faith of the Saints and to destroy the 
work of God, and were very sanguine of being able to effect their pur- 
poses through their influence with the young and inexperienced. 

Superintendent Robert L. Campbell said that the Superintendents 
should attend these meetings by way of example and encouragement 
to the Teachers. He thought it was a good thing to have these meet- 
ings, but we should be subject to circumstances, from time to time, 
and not be discouraged at any time if our schools or meetings were 
not so well attended as we should like. He was satisfied there would 
be a revival of the principles instilled in the minds of the children, and 
our latiors of love would be amply compensated. 

Superintendent George Goddard expressed his satisfaction with 
what had been spoken and invited all to use their exertions to have a 
full attendance at the next meeting, as he expected President Cannon 
would then be present, and that something unforeseen had occurred 
to cause his absence this evening. 

It was suggested that hereafter a register of the schools represented 
at these meeting, should be kept by the Secretary. 

The meethig was then adjourned till the 1st Monday In Soptcmlier 
at half-past 7 o'clock. 

Benediction by Superintendent Robert L. Campbell. 

John B. Maibbn, Secretary. 



$Ucli?& JPadtJy* 



BE IltT E^IE^.ITES'X'. 



We are living, we are dwelling 

Bn a grand and awful time; 
In an age of ages, telling 

To be living is sublime. 
Hark ! the waking up of nations, 

Gog and Magog to the fray; 
Hark! what soundeth ? is creation 

Groaning for its latter-day? 

Will ye play, then ? will ye dally 

With your music and your wine ? 
Up! It is Jehovah's rally; 

God's own arm hath need of thine. 
Hark, the onset ! will ye fold .your 

Faith-clad arm in lazy locks ? 
Up, O ! up, thou drowsy soldier ? 

■Worlds are charging to the shock. 



CrXTVEIsriLEl I2^TSa?I?.TJOTOK. 

Is puh'ished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVKKY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEQRCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR A. PUBLISHER. 



Si7t(/le Copy, per Annum f2 50. 

tSr Grain brought to thin City for the Juvenile Instructor will be 
ipceivod at the office of our paper— Deseret Newb BtnLDiNOS. 



