
THIIE I IN" T IE IR, ItST ^ T I O IST .A L E IX H I IB T T I O IT 



[Cnntinued.) 



Tp you wisl- 

J ni.il." i;r 




h to see fa'ry land you will see it at the Centen- 
There is one point that will >u rgest Eden, if any 
part of the earth can." These are among the euloeies of the 
press in alluding to the Horticultural Gardens. The building 
itself, harlly le-s fanciful, unique and charming than tlwe 
aerial castles conjured up by the genii of Arabian lore, stands 
on an eminence the slope of which, comprising many acres. 
has been allotted to North American, European, North Afri- 
can, and South American States, where are thousands nf 
trees and plants famous for either beauty or rarity. It is not 
tropical vegetation alone that is witnessed on thi pot, nor 
the scrubby growth of frigid climes, nor the medium and more 
sightly products of a more temperate soil, but an exhibition 
of the choicest and finest specimens of hor 
ticulture from many different and distant 
parts of the world. Near the foot of these 
grounds is a large artificial lake, upon the 
smooth waters of which glide gondolas from 
Italy; and from the centre of which rises a 
huge fountain, formed of a pile of loose, 
moss-grown rocks surrounding the tube, from 
which rises a sparkling jet d eau, or stream 
of water. Over thirty thousand hyacinth- 
and other bulbs have been planted in the 
lake ami the surrounding buildings. These, 
with hundreds of rich tropical specimens, 
including lemon and orange trees in the run 
servatories — trees laden with fruit, as they 
a-e Been in their native soil — may well jus- 
tifiy thi' expression previously quoted: "If 
you wi-b to see fairy-land, you will see it at the Centemiia 

<>n the lOrb inst, Philadelphia was crowded wiih visitor*. 
The doors o( the exhibition were opened at nine:., m. 'I he 
foreign commissioners and distinguished guests wire iium Ji 
d 1 1 into the building and seated. 

The ceremonies opened at i' 1 l. r > a. m., the national air* of 
all nations being performed by the large orchestra. Kveij 
available soot in th • di i [hborhoo I of the grand ntnnd in front 

of Memorial Hall was occupier! directly afwr the npe 

a large crowd, who impatiently awaited the arrival of ''" 

President of the U. 8., who had ju.it I n e - ti I to the 

m tin entrance by th ■ milit iry. 

Ml the nitarie- of the various departments ol 

ie w sre pre etit. an I at 1 1 o'clo sk tho Presiden! an 1 i rty, 




a^companie 1 by a number of officials, proceeded to the 1 latfonn. 
Th ■ platform was at once crowded, and all the surrounding 
space and all available points of elevation in the neighborhood 
were occupie 1 by crowds of visitors. The orchestra, while the 
peats were being secured, played national airs. 

Among the foreign visitors was the Emperor of Brazil, in 
citizen dress, his decorations concealed under the lappel of his 
CO- 1, without- any more display than when in Salt Lake City. 
At 11:3 Warner's "Centennial Inauguration March" was 
pe formed by the orchestra, at the conclusion of which Bishop 
S' in p-nn offered up a prayer, during the rendering of which 
the maj irity of the vast assemblage stood with uncovered head-. 
At the conclusion of the prayer a hymn composed by Wlittier 
was sung with grand effect, when the Prep'- 
dent of the Centennial Board of Finance 
presented the buildings to the I'. S. Centen- 
nial Commission. General Hawley then 
arose and said the President of the Centen- 
nial Commission accepted the great trust 
eoti'ided by the Bea'd of finance. 
At ll.i'i a cantata by Lanier was given, 

the music nf which was finely rendered, and 

applauded. 

At 11:48 began the presentation speeoh bj 
General Hawley, turning the Exhibition 
buildings over to the President of the |'. S.; 
after which President Grant arose, amid 

creat applause, and delivered hi- speech, 

nccepting the trust. He stated tho object of 

the Centennial Bxibition, and < pared the 

the present with that of past, courageously 
■ i ■ 1 1 1 ■''''"• ■ that "whilst proud of whal we have done we i 
thai wu liavu no! done more. Our achievements have been 

■.-real enough, however, to make it easy lor our i pic to 

a-kn ■ ■• i i iiperior rit wherevor found." 

When Pre i lent Grant ro e to n pond be ws I with 

p I h .n i onl inui d ttpplausi roll - 

theers. So great was the eonfu ionintl rowd however, and 

-o low th. tono ol voice in which the ppceeh wn n "I thai 
i.e.,i,'e a few yards distant from when I i eon I 1 not hear 

what w is uttered. 

I '■ nt was loudl.i cheered the Rmpcroi I 

in his seat and joining in tho do itration by.waving 

hi hat. The President's brief address was Pollowi I 





no 



J- TJ -V E3 3ST I L B IUSTE/TJOTOB. 






the raising of the flag on the main building, a signal that the 
Exhibition was open. 

At 12 o'clock, at a signal from General Hawley, the American 
flag was unfurled from the Main Building, the Hallelujah 
Chorus was rendered, with orchestraland organ accompaniment, 
and a salute of 100 guns was fired from George's Hill, together 
with ringing of chimes from different parts of the ground. 
During the performance of the chorus the foreign commis- 
sioners passed from the platform into the Main Building, and 
took their places upon the central aisle, before their respective 
departments, after which President Grant, accompanied b}' 
Director General Goshorn, followed by the guests of the day, 
also passed into the Main Building; thence to the Machinery 
Hall, and from there to the judges' quarters, where a reception 
by the President was held. 

The processicD, hended by the President, af'er pass : ng 
through the Main Exhibition Building, passed to the Machin- 
ery Hall, where the President, assisted by Pom Pedro, at 1 22 
p. m., put in motion the great engine, thus starting all the 
machinery in that building. Thisclosed the formal ceremonies 
of the day. 

( To he Continued.) 



| | U 






BY I1UI5II KMlCGH. 



CHAPTER X. 



li 



O0K stay in the land of the "man-eaters" was necessarily 
bort, especially as we had noitielination to make intimate 
acquaintance with those amiable natives, although the scenery 
and climate were so bewitching. The* three days we waited 
for the arrival of the New Zealaud steamei — for the passengers 
going to that country have to tranship at Kandyvau, the vessel 
in which we left San Francisco going direct to Sydney, Austra- 
lia — were spent in excursions among the island.-, but with a 
certain amount of fear, trembling and watchfulness, not being 
anxious to furnish the ingredients of a Fijian "pot pie." 

The New Zealand steamships are not so large as the great 
ocean vessels, but are nuite as last travelers, and as clean and 
orderly. We also observe that everything is more English-like 
than what we have heretofore been accustomed to. 

In leaving the Fiji [slands we strike in a direct southerly 
line, an 1 after a run of five or sis days we come in sight of the 
northern part of the North Island of New Zealand, and enter 
the harbor of Auckland. 

Illder Isaac Groo, who is at the present time laboring on a 
mission in Australia, on arriving in this harbor, wrote a letter 
to his friends in Utah, which was published in the Salt Lake 
JJerald, and in which he remarks, as near as I remember 
"1 thought, on beholding Honolulu. T saw the perfection of 
nature's beauty; but as steaming up this (Auckland) harbor, 
1 feel that the Sandwich [slands an- 'nowhere' in comparison 
to the view that meets my gaze, for as object upon object opens 
to our view as we proceed up the windiiiL' arm of the sea, a 
panorama of such exquisite richness^ variety and brilliant beauty 
J have never before beheld or dreamed of passes bclore us." 

So much for a stranger's first impression of this ''Britain of 
the South," as it is affectionately eailed by its inhabitants, but 
a^ter T hiv dooerihed to you the characteristics of the country 
in .h i.... a:.', t'., <. ....;..-■!■' i ' i;cumin5 in these 



and the neighboring islands, you may form a different opinion 
from Bro. Groo's; but I think not. 

As "Hugh" is a believer in the great law of "order," he 
will proceed to describe the interesting islands, "next door to 
nowhere" and the farthest habitable land in the southern 
hemisphere from Utah, in a systematic manner, and will first 
begin by describing the physical feitures of the country. To 
our very young readers, figures and hard foreign words are, I 
know, tiresome and uninteresting, but they must remember 
that, although they are so to them, thev may not he so to the 
older juveniles, and should therefore make due allowance 
and not throw the paper aside, saying, "lam not going to read 
that dry stuff!" Take your friend "Hugh's" advice, go on 
reading the descriptions of these strange countries, as described , 
by an eye witne-s (though perhaps they are not the most 
brilliant, but rest assured they are truthful), and though you 
may not fully appreciate them at the present time, in years to 
come as y.mr men'al powers expand, what you now lead will 
be remembered with increased fovce and pleasure. As } < the 
o'J folks if it is not so.- The writer can testify that of late 
years, '.hings of which he had real or been taught in his 
early boyhood, and which were not then fully understood and 
appreciated, after slumbering, as it were, so long a time, have 
awakened forcibly in his memory, and been the key and incen- 
tive for further investigation. But "Hugh'-' overhears the re- 
in irk: 

A tiresome lecture do not write; 
But to New Zealand, now in sight! 

He asks pardon for getting off the track, and will at once 
"resume the journey. 

NEW ZEALAND. 

The distance from Salt Lake City to the northern point of New 
Zealand is about 8,000 miles; from England to the same point 
is about 12.00H miles; and it is about 5,000 miles south from the 
Sandwich Islands. 

New Zealand cousists of three islands proper — the North, 
Middle and South, or Stewart's Island, with several smaller 
ones lying along the coasts of the larger ones. These lie between 
35° and 3S C S. Latitude, and 160° and 180° E. Longitude. 

The new settlements of the Saints in Arizona are situated 
on about the same parallel in the northern, as the northern 
part of NewZealaud, isin the Southern Hemisphere. Thearea, 
that is, the extent of land of the whole of the islands is about 
100,000 square miles, or about, one third larger than Utah 
Territory. 

Of this 100,000 squire miles, the North Island contains 44,- 
000 square miles, little less than the size of England, and is 
a! out 500 miles in length, with an average breadth of 120 miles- 
The Middle Island is about the. size of Eugland and Wales 
and is 700 miles in length, and an average of 250 miles in 
breadth. The South, or Stewart's Island is about thirty miles 
in length, by twenty in breadth. 

New Zealand is very mountainous, with extensive plains, 
which in the South Island lie principally on the eastern side of 
the mountains, and in the North Islaud on the western side. 
The interior and mare mountainous parts are covered with 
dense forests, or. as they are here called, "bush," containing 
almost inexhaustible supplies of fine timber. These mountains 
form one continuous chain running through both islands, broken 
only by Cook's strait (which separates the North from the 
Middle Island), and are known as the Southern Alps, being 
named after the Alpine mountains in Europe, and somewhat 
like them in picturesque scenery, and containing, in the highe r 
regions, valleys filled with glaciers, or masses of sliding ice. 







CT TT ^T IE IsT I LIE INSTRUCTOR 



111 




e greatest hight. of the mountains on the North Island is 
6,000 feet, but in the Middle Island they reach as high as 
14,000. this being the hight of Mount Cook, the highest peak 
on the islands. The mountains on the South I>land are crossed 
at intervals by low passes, which are of great value, affording 
easy means of communication between the east and west 
coasts. 

To be Continued. 



■<« -^>"-*4 



^ 



Id 



m erica. 



BY O. M. O. 



ARAUCANIANS, BRAZILIANS, Em 




rPHE aborigines of South America like those of North 
_L America have the same characteiistic, tending to establish 
the fact that they did not originate on this continent. Those 
numerous tribes inhabiting South America arc usualy divided 
into three physical types. The Andians, Mediterraneans, and 
Brasilio-guarani. The nations classed under the Andian group 
are the Aymara, Chango, Quichua and Atacama, considered 
in the Peruvian group and already described; Yuraeaies, 
Mocetenes, Tocana, Moropa, Apolista and Araucanian branch 
consisting of three t ibes. The Mediterranean group comprise 
the Pampean branch consisting of Feven tribes, the Chiqui- 
tian branch, of ten tribes, and the Moxean branch which con- 
sists of eight tribes or nations. The Brasilio-guarani group 
consists of the Caribs, Guarani, Tu pi and Botocudo nations. The 
Andian group are the nations which formerly occupied the 
department of the Cordilleros from Quito to Chili. The 
Mediterranean croup occupied the central portion of the 
country, including the people of the Pampas and the Patagoni" 
ans, the inhabitants of the valleys of the Chiquitos, and the 
low lands of the los Moxos provinces. The Brasilio-guarani 
group occupy the country from the foot of the Peruvian Andes 
to the Atlantic, dwelling principally in the plains and valleys 
bordering on the Orinoco, Maragnon, Amazon and their tribu- 
taries. "The nations generally of South America hive been 
noted for their fixed habitat onsand local character, except the 
Quichuas, Guarani and Araucanos, who have be. n celebrated 
for their migratory disposition." (Natural History of the 
Human Races, 2<J7) 

The introduction of Christianity following (be conquest of 
the country has brought a more salutary influence upon the 
savage nations of South America, in pn p irtion to the n ems 
employed, than in North Arncr ca. "More that a million and 
a halt of the pure aboriginal race have embraced Christianity.'' 
(Natural History of Man, II, 592) 

The general appearance of the South Americans docs not 
differ much from that of the natives of North America. Their 
complexions are of two different shades yellow and olive brown. 
The Peruvians, owing to their elevated location upon the Andes, 
where they breathe the thin air. have a remarkable develop- 
ment of the chest, much out of proportion to the rest of the 
body, except the head, which is generally well proportioned. 

The feet and hands are always small, the hair is Boft, thick and 
flowing, but they are almost destitute of beards. They have a 
prominent aquiline nose, large mouth, short chin, hrge nos- 
trils, retreating forehead, oblong and well developed skull, 
have an olive brown complexion, and features much resembling 
the Aztecs. The Aymaras, who aoem to be the descendents of 



the ancient people who constructed the vast and singular monu- 
ments and buildings now in ruins in the vicinity of Lake Titi- 
caca, and described in a former chapter, much resemble the 
Peruvians, physically and mentally. The Ineas admitted that 
their arts and civilization were derived from the Aymaras. The 
Changes and Alacoamas resemble the Peruvians in physical 
aspect; although the Changos are of a darker hue. The An- 
tisian nation are generally fair in complexion, but slightly 
tawny mixed with yellow; in stature they arc much greater than 
the Peruvians, their forms being more vigorous and robust. 
The Araucanians are similar in type, their beads are large, 
faces round, high cheek bones, large mouth, thick lip:-, short 
nose, wide nostrils, short broad chin, complexion somewhat 
lighter than the Peruvians. Some of the tribes are almost 
while; among which are the B roauos, who have large eye--, 
oblong face, narrow and well arched eye brows, and in general 
appearance resemble the Caucasians. The P; t-'goi ian.- aie 
darker than the other native Indians and in stature al ove the 
usual hight; their average in this respect being about, ,-ix feet 
six inches. "The Guarani (Brazi Lin) are the mo.t interesting 
people of South America; they surpass all others in the adop- 
tion of the Christian religion and European civilization." 
(Natural History of Human Races, 302) 

The Botocudos are considered the most savage nation of the 
continent. The color of the skin is of a yellowish tinge, hair 
black and coarse, but with features regular, really more Cauca- 
sian than Indian. The Vaupes, are tall, stout and well formed 
with a leddi-h brown complexion. This nation cultivates the 
soil, manufactures many useful articles and res-ides in peiuia- 
nent houses which are built to contain several families. 'One 
of these dwelllings, upon actual measurement was found to bo 
1 L5 feet long by 7. r > broad, and 30 feet high." 

More than forty nations occupied the country we-t of Para- 
guay when first visited by the Spaniards, many of w.ilch are 
now extinct; one of these nations still exi t in Cha-o. A ard 
describes (hem as being well formed, with hand.-onic laces 
much like Europeans. They have aquiline noses, thick black 
glossy hair, scanty beards, their color fair, even whiter than the 
Spaniards. The native- of Paiia according to Ferdinand 
Colunil ii-, were better made and whiter than the other people 
he had met with in South America. Other writers state them 
to be nearly white with long flowing ycllowi.-h or auburn hair. 
TheAra icanlan-areinphysica a peel very much like Caucasians. 
They have the aquiline no e, well formed lips, an I lb ir wl oh 
features generally less Indian. They are kind in nature, liberal 
an 1 earnest in hospitality, and very formal in manner-, origin- 
ally they inhabited Chili and part of the terri on now occupied 
by tin; Argentine Republic; formerly they were a gr at peoj le 
or nation. Their general title was, originally, Alapu die or 
[ pie of the land. They have a religion which recognizes a 

future slate of existence. The tour gieat divisions ol the 

nation is subdivided into provinces and those ag tin into smaller 
districts, each of which is presided over by a chief, exercising 
a kind of patriarch ial authority over his clan, lie is the judge 
and arbiter and there is no appeal from iii- decision. The 
chiefs of districts appoint a ohiol called the Toqui, as be id of 
the province. These Toquis forming the (.uprcne council of 
the nation; on • of them is selecte 1 as president and is i a led 

the grand Toipii. The supreme council treat- only uf the 

jut anal management of the nation and is called the council of 

peace. As SOOn as war is declared the council of peace is 

disolvcd, and its place is taken by thocounoil of war. This 
council is leaded by the Toqui of war who has unlimited power 
except over life, as long as the war lasts. As soon as peace is 
concluded, he nnd all bis council nine, and the ooi.ncil of 





IIS 



JUYBITILE !¥STBUCTOR. 




peace re-assumes its sway. The eagle called ' 'Nanieu' ' is greatly 
venerated by the Araueanians, who think it is a sort of heavenly 
messenger in direct communication with the Supreme Being. 
Sacrifices are made at their great councils; an animal is killed, 
its blood is poured on the ground, the heart is laid an a green 
branch, and is borne around the assembly with songs and 
dances, When Chili was invaded by the Spaniards they found 
it impossible to subdue the Araueanians, so great was their 
skill and bravery. Their great chief Caupolican displayed a 
courage and military prowess creditable to civilized command- 
ers. In the skillful disp'ay of his forces upon the field of bar- 
tie, he astonished and won the admiration of the Spanish 
commanders. He defeated the great Spanish general Valdiva, 
who wa-i captured and put to death by the native soldiers. Iu 
fact the Araueanians have never been conquered, and as late 
as the present century they have only formed a treaty with the 
Chilian government thai still acknowledges their independ- 
ence. But little is kn >wn o r the South American tribes, other 
than the Peruvians, as they have no written histories, and writers 
have recorded but few of their traditions. The whole country 
presents a blank field for future exploration and antiquarian 
research. 



-*-•- 




1] r 



a$» 



h if . 



JOSEPH SIMIITIHL", 
IF? IR, O IP IHI IE 'J? . 



TBI IE 



W 




( Continued.) 

e described the i ion of the messenger to 

the last number. Before that conversation was ended 
and while the ' yet talking a! out the p 

Joseph saw in vision ihe pla a where they were buried. It 
■was shown to him so clearly that he knew the place again when 
he afterwards w nt there. 

When the 1 e i rhad done speaking, the lighi in the 
room began to gather around him. At the moment wh be 
room was left dark, except around him. Joseph saw a ; . m u ! 
or passage open right up into heaven, and the me ;er 
ascended up until he entirely disappeared. The room was 
then left as it was before the heavenly light filled it. 

This heavenly messenger visited Joseph twice more during 
the night, and repeated each tine' that whirl, he told him 
during his h >t visit to him. Besides, he told him alum, ._ it 
judgments which were coming upon the earth, with fai 
war and sickness, and that th se grievous things would come 
en the ruth in this generation. 

Joseph himself and his father's family were ] r, and the 

messenger warned him that Satan would try and tempt him to 
get the plates with a view to become rich, through them, lie 
said to Jo=eph that he must have no ether object in view in 
getting the plates than to glorify (rod, and no other m 
hut to build up God's kingdom, or he could not get the 
plates. 

It was nearly daylight when the messenger left him the 
third time. His conversation- with Joseph had lasted through 
the whole night. We see by this, how necessary it was that 
Joseph should be fully taught by the Lord before he com- 
menced the great work the Lord had for him to do. 

When Joseph went to his labor the next day as usual, he 



found that he could not work as he did at other times. His 
strength had left him. His father, who was with him, saw 
that he was weak, and told him to go home. In trying to 
cross a fence, on his way to the house, his strength entirely 
left him, and he fell helpless to the ground, and for a time was 
unconscious of anything. The first thing he recollc ted, when 
he came to himself, was a voice calling him by name. He 
looked up, and saw the same heavenly messenger standing 
over his head surrounded by light as before. Once more he 
related to Joseph all that he had told him the previous ni ht, 
and he told him to go to his father and tell him of the vision 
and commandments he had received. 

Joseph obeyed the messenger and returned to his father in 
the field, and told him all. His father did not feci as others 
had about his vision. He did not mock him and tell him that 
the things which he had heard were of the devil; but he told 
Joseph that that which had been shown unto him was of God, 
and to go and do as the messenger had commanded. Joseph 
then went to the place where he had been told the plates were 
buried. He knew the place the moment he saw it, as it had 
been shown to him in vision. The plates were buried in a hill 
close to the village of Manchester, Ontario County, New York, 
"■here Joseph then lived. This hill was called Cumorah by 
the Nephites, and Ramah by the Jaredites, so the Book of 
Mormon informs us. The plates were in a stone box, the top 
ot which, being rounded, could be seen above the ground in 
the centre. When Joseph had removed the earth from around 
the ■-tone which covered the box, he raised it up with a lever, 
and looked in the box and there beheld the plates and Urim 
and Thummim and the Breastplate. 

What a glorious privilege was this for Jo'eph to enjoy! 
For fourteen hundred years these ] recious things had remained 
concealed from the sight or knowledge of man. By the com- 
mand of the Lord they had been buried, and by his power 
they had been kept until now they were shown to Joseph. 
How thankful this hoy must have felt to the Lord for listening 
to hi pravers and accepting his faith and granting unto him 
su 'h great favors as he had received! 

. Upon sei ing the plates and other things, Joseph stretched 
out his hand to take them out; but the messenger forbade him, 
and told him that the time for bringing them forth had not 
yet arrived. He told Joseph that four years must pass away 
before they could be obtained, and that he would have to come 
to that place precisely ii> one year from that time, and he 
would meet him there; and that he should do this every vear 
until the four years should be ended. 

On the 22d ef September of each year Joseph went there 
as he had been directed, and always found the same messenger 
1 io meet him. At those meetings Joseph received much 
instruction about the things the Lord was going to do, and 
also the manner in which His kingdom was to be conducted. 
On the morning of the 22d of September, 1827, the messenger 
delivered the plates into his hands. 

We wish our little leaders to understand that the plates, 
which the heavenly messenger gave unto Joseph, were of gold, 
and were covered with writing, engraved or cut upon them. 
They were buried in the ground about. 420 years after the birth 
of Jesus, by a prophet whose name was Moroni. He hid 
them there to keep them from the wh ked. That book which 
yen now c ill the Book of Mormon, was translated from those 
plates. It was arranged and written by the hand of Mormon. 
Moruton was a prophet of God, and the father of Moroni. 
Before his death he committed the plates to Moroni. 
( To be Continued. ) 





J" TT ^T IE IDT I JU IE IFSTRTJCTOB 



lj-3 




IHIOIR^CIE] VERlsTET, THE 
BATTLE PAI1TTEB. 



BY CHAS. W. STAYNER. 




Probably no branch of art has been better appreciated than 
that ofpainting. The great masters in this line have been 
admired to a degree approaching actual worship, by their own 
as well as succeeding generations. 

Among a large variety of subjects produced by men of skill in 
this art, the one adopted and so ably represented by Horace 
Vernet stands high in popularity. His father had excelled in 
battle painting before him, and was even distinguished in this 
specialty. But Horace was destined to become the greatest 
artist in that line, who has lived in either ancient or modern 
times. 

He was born in Paris, 1789, and made suchrapid strides while 
in his youth, that at the age of twenty-five, Napoleon created 
him a chevalier of the legion of honor. When he reached the 
age of thirty-sis, Charles X. created him an officer of the legion 
of honor, and three years later he became a director of the 
Academy, at Rome. 

He painted a series of battle pieces by order of Louis Philippe, 
which now decorate the Constantiue Gallery at Versailles. 
These are considered among his most famous works. 

A jur/ of painters of different nations awarded him the grand 
medal of honor at the Exposition of 1S55. 

He has now been dead about twelve years, but he will probably 
always live in the hearts of his friends and the memory of the 
whole world, not only -for his genuine talent but for his candid 
and generous disposition. 

He was noted for his love of liberty and independence of 
character. His adopted motto was, "Where liberty is, there is 
my country." It is said no power could induce him to sacrifice 
truth or history in any of bis warlike productions. On one 
■ ion, being desired by Louis Napoleon to alter his picture 
of a military review. >o as to leave out a certain general who 
was obnoxious to the emperor, Vernet replied: ''Sire, Iaua 
painter ofhistory, and 1 will not violate (lie truth." 

His kindness of disposition i; illustrated in the following 
narrativ . One day when only twenty-three years or age, his 
sympathies were touched by s& n° a helpless widow and her 
children turned out of her home for not being able to pay her rent- 
Stepping nil to her, be inquired the amount of i he debt. Being 
informed il was fifty francs, and having but very little money 
himself, he gol a piece of pasteboard from a neighboring store, 
then with a pencil, and a piece of India-ink which he had in 
Irispockel he made afew bold troke , shaded ii hereandthere, 

and within thirty minutes hehadarepresentati f the French 

infantry storming a redoubt. 1 1 had infused int'> the sketch 
all the fire an I energy which won him such lame. Placing the 
date and "By Horace Vernet" on the corner, he handed the 
picture tothewi low, saying, "They will give yon three hundred 
francs for this at the nearest art store, pay your rent and pocket 
the remainder." This sketch, no v worth a fabulous price, is 
preserved among other treasure's in the Luxemburg Palace, as 
the property of the government. One of tbcuj i.sl unmistakable 
proofs of his genius, is the power he possessed to infuse correct 
nationalities into his pre luctions. If he depicted an eastern 
scene, his Arabs were not all Frenchmen, (as it was said of 
another artist whose Frenchmen were all Cockneys, ) but the 
Arabian type was marked, and his ability in this respect i H 
universally apparent in all the works with which he has endowed 
the art galleries of the world. 



eittomology;. 



BY W. D. JOHNSON, JUN. 



The word entomology is derived from two Greek words: 
entomon, an insect, and fagos, a discourse; so that the true 
meaning of the word is, a discourse about insects. 

"Bugs' ' as they are commonly called, are known to every one; 
still but few persons understand their structure, use and 
habits. 

If one of our scientific men should publish to the world that 
he had discovered a new animal of peculiar form, resembling a 
huge snake, which was of most beautiful colors; that it had a 
ravenous appetite, eating almost every thing that came in its 
way; that after gorging itself for a few months, it would dig a 
hole in the ground and change into an animal that could neither 
fly nor walk, but after remaining in the earth one year it came 
forth a beautiful bird. If thi ! was a case in fact, the whole 
world would be wild with excitement about it. Still these 
changes are going on continually all around us. For instance, 
we see a caterpillar or worm; after a short time it changes into 
what is called a "chrysalis," and from this into a. butterfly or 
moth. 

If our readers will only take the pains to notice the insects 
that frequent our gardens and fields in the summer-time, they 
cannot fail to become interested in them; for they are of infinite 
variety of form, size and color. Aside from this, we also find 
that the Creator has given them the sense of seeing, feeling, etc., 
the same as we have; and has provided them with means of 
d nse, as also of obtaining a subsistance. Still more wonder- 
ful, they are found on every part of our globe: in the cold bleak 
country of Greenland, where winter reign perpetual, they are 
found as minute "flea beetles" on thi 
the tropics of South America and Africa, as large beetles of 

lour or five inches in length, of i d col id fan- 

tas ; ■ s. In fact we find them i rywhere, in the water, 

on . [ al) !;,.,] i u the air; of I eol > j fo nis, and sizes, from 
the beau iful butterflies of Brazil, thatn irefourtei n inches 
across the wings, to the invi »le b lanci a the sun- 
beam. 

' hi numl e ' of | ci< ofin ei i known toscien ' lati d 

tl e d hundred an I til' \ thou and, all differ a and 

- so thatthe study of this bram b of aatui .1 ■ .. alone 

is one of i nd ess variety, interest and delij ht. 

Practii al i ni logy is I em Bcial in the stu 1> of noxious 

to lei heir in iocts and habil ■. o that tj be 

d, ro yed ..'' they b come so numerous as to i e of d i 
to mankind. This study can then be made one of profit; for 
instance; the writings of Dr. Fitch, on noxiou insect ha a ed 
for the S ate ol Nevi STork the sum of fifty thousand dollars 
annually. 

The ravages of insects are becoming a serious consideral 

to the fanners of this country, as ibe loss from their depreda- 
tions, in the United States alone, amounts to three hundred 

million of dollars ea b year. 

Si in ecta are very useful toman, while others are destruc- 
tive - these two classes will be described, i 'o especially, with 

reference to theii good and bad tjualities, 
i To be Continued. ) 



Women are too apl to think thai certain vices in a young 
man, like moles ui i fair skin, arc beauty Bpots. 





114 



vJTJ^ElSriXjE INSTBTJOTOB 




fJLhq Mnvtmlf\ Mndvmim]. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 15, 1876. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





ONGRESS in 18G4 passed an act setting 
apart the old Hall of the House of Repre- 
sentatives for the reception and protection 
of statuary, and each State was invited to 
furnish ihe statues of two deceased citi- 
zens to be placed there. Of course it was 
expected that illustrious men who had 
figured in the civic or military history of 
the state would be selected for this honor, 
idy there are a number of statues placed 
there. Rhode Island has furnished statues in 
marble of Roger William* and Nathaniel Greene. 
Marble statues of Roger Sherman and Trumbull 
are there from Connecticut; and bronze statues 
Clinton and Livingston are there from New York. 
r ' i marble statue of Winthrop has appeared from 
"\Aj-V Massachusetts; the other statue which she is to furnish 
•* " — that of Samuel Adams — has not yet been complet- 
ed; indeed we. do not know that it has been commenced. 

We seldom pa-s through this Hall and see these statues, or 
through the various cities and public places in the States where 
statues have been erected in honor of noted men, without 
thinking of the predictions of the Lord Jesus in the Book of 
Mormon. He said in speaking of this nation: "Yea, wo be 
unto the Gentiles, unless they repent, for it shail come to pass 
in that day, saith the Father, that I will cut off thy horses 
out of the midst of thee, and I will destroy thy chariots, and 
I will cut off the cities of thy land, and throw down all thy 
strongholds; and I will cut off witchcrafts out of thy hand, and 
thou shalt have no more soothsayers; the graven images I will 
also cut off, and thy standing images out of the midst of thee, 
and thou shalt no more worship the works of thy hands; and 
I will pluck up thy groves out of the midst of thee; so will I 
destroy thy cities." The graven images and the standing 
images are to be cut off. This prediction evidently refers to 
the statuary which has become so fashionable of late years to 
erect in the various cities of the land, and which is so greatly 
admired There are no works of men's hands which are more 
worshiped to day in these States thin statuary and fine paint- 
ings — works of art as they are called But it is not of this 
worship that we intended to speak at length in this article. 

Vermont has presented a statue of K;han Allen lately, and a 
few days ago Congress accepted the same. It is of this famous 
man that we. wish to say something. lie was a bold, darinsr, 
liberty-loving man. lie hated tyranny, and he was as ready to 
rosi-t it in his own countrymen as in the British. In this 
year, when there is so much >aid about one hundred years ago 
and the heroes of that period, the example of Ethan Allen may 
be studied with profit. He was born in Connecticut, and he 
mored to Benningt n, Vermont, in 1709. when he was thirty- 
two years of age. The territory, now the State of Vermont, 
was originally claim "d both by New York and New Hampshire 
and a portion of it by Massachusetts. New Hampshire made 
grants of lands there to settlers. They were issued under royal 
thority aid were purchased mostly by men from New Hamp- 



shire, Massachusetts and Connecticut. The settlers made 
extensive improvements in clearing lands, in erecting houses 
and building up neighborhoods and settlements. New Hamp- 
shire still continuing to make these grants, New York became 
alarmed. Its government wished to secure to itself the profit*. 
and determined to stop all further proceedings on the part of 
the New Hampshire government. In 1763 Lieutenant-Governor 
ColdenofNew York, issued his proclamation, in which he 
asserted jurisdiction over all the territory from the west side of 
the Connecticut River to the east side of Delaware Bay. He 
based this act upon the grants made by Charles II. to this Duke 
of York in 1 064 and 1 074. The effect of this was to make the 
the seitlers upon the New Hampshire grants rettloss aui doubt- 
ful about the validity of their titles. 

To inspire confidence, the governor of the province of New 
Hampshire issued a counter-proclamation, betting forth that 
the grant to the Duke of York was obsolete and that the grants- 
made by New Hampshire would he confirmed , even if the 
Crown should alter the jurisdiction. The settlers were exhorted 
by the governor to be industrious and diligent in making im- 
provements and not to be frightened by the threats of New 
York. This had the desired effect. The settlers believed that, 
though the jurisdiction should be changed, their titles and the 
right to possess the laud they had purchased would remain 
unlisturbed. 

Upon New York's appeal, the King of England ordered, on 
the 20th of July, 1764. that the western bank of the Connecticut 
River form the boundary line between New York and New 



Hamps 



This 



i ho commencement of trouble. New 



York call id upon the settlers to surrender their charters and 
re-purchase their lands under grants from New York. Some 
complied, but the most of them refused absolutely to do this. 
These latter formed associations, sent messengers to England 
and appealed to the crown, and took many other steps to protect 
their rights and secure their titles. In the mean time suits of 
ejectment were brought in New York and judgments obtained 
against the settlers; but they prevented the decisions being 
carried into effect by various devices and sometimes by foroe. 
The struggle went oa in different ways until about the year 
1760, when Ethan Alleu moved on to the grants and made his 
residence at Bennington. He was too honest and just a man 
not to perceive that equity was on the side of the settlers, and 
he at onfe joined them in opposition to the authoriti ss of New 
York. He first attempted to have their rights protected by 
the courts. Several ca.ses were tried in Albany, New York; 
but in every instance the stttlers were defeated. Ethan was 
there in person, and the attorney-general advised him to go 
hi me and tell his Green Mountain tiiends to submit to the 
d iCrees of the New York courts and to make friends with their 
new landlords. It was suggested to him that "might often 
prevails against right " Allen was in no temper to take such 
advice as this, or to submit to wrong, however strong the 
wronger might be. lie coolly replied to the attorney-general 
"that the gods of the valleys are not the gods of the hi'ls." 
The bind jobbers of New York might have power on the 
Hudson, but they would find that it was different in the green 
h'lls of Vermont. Upon his return home a convention of the 
settlers was called. They decided as law and justice were 
denied them, to defend their rights against the unjust claims 
of the governor ol New York by force. Ethan Allen was their 
leader. They were indicted as rioters for resisting the laws of 
New York. The officers of the New York courts who were 
sent to arrest them, as one has said, were successfully resisted 
by force and were severely chastised "with twigs of the wilder 
ness." 




JTJ'VjEllSrZZ^tt IWSTBUCTOR, 



115 




T£HJH I J BLIOA]Sr. 



I^he White Pelican is vei'y ahuudant iu this territory, vary 
. recently about forty of ilie-ic largo LirJ.^ have been seeu 
flying over the JorJ.ni lliver on their way to the (Jicat Salt 
Lake. Captain Stausbury in bio interesting report a'.ludos to 



a 'jjLy ; rojjjiioii on the upper mandible, wine, is' sometimes 
broken offiu fighting. Mr. Ridgway, the celebrated naturalist, 

has shown that this curious horny com! , or erect of the hill, is 
deciduous, aud is regularly shed in a uiun.i. somewhat analo- 
gous to the casting of deer's horns. 

The Pelican is not difficult lo domesticate as was proved by 

I 




M 



§P 




V 
< Vi 






these birds, and represents them in a sketch of one of the 
islands of the lake. 

The submaxillary pouch of this bird is very largo and dis- 
tensible, as may I" seen in the accompanying engraving, ID 
which the fi-h are received and retained until required for food. 
The male Pelican U'tkcanus erythrorhyiuJius of (Jmeliu) baa 



-I 



■ ivcral of those birds which wore kept at our museum, they 

did not attempt to wander away. This bird prefers its food, 
which Consists of fish, a!i\e; even the finest pieces of fresh 

minion were objected 10. A fish of large site may !»• thrown 

towards* Pelican when it will be canilit in I lie pouch and 

afterwards swallowed alive, ft is said that tlunbird will liv 



1 I 




116 



J-TT^IETsriLILjE INSTR 



TOB. 



upon craw fish. In our marches and on the small bitter-spring 
lakes they subsist upon very small fish that abound even in 
waters that are nauseous to the taste. 

The habits of the Pelican are very interestingly described by 
Dr. Robert Morris in his journal as published on "Freemasonry 
in the Holy Land." "Off 'the nose' of Mount Carmel is a 
group of Pelicans solemenly fishing. I always admire the 
piscatorial gravity which a Pelican puts on when he goes 
fishing. No chatting, no loud laughter. * 
T shall ever respect the Pelican as a model fishist. ( taunting 
three hundred and sixty-one of them in the gang. I put to 
reckoning how many pounds of fish are necessary for the daily 
rations of these voracious fowls." 

Stansbury wondered how so many Pelicans could be supported 
on and around the Great Salt Lake where he found them in 
■minense numbers. Any one may wonder at this, there being 
so little evidence of life in the 1 ike. but it must be remembered 
that there is an abundance of fi-h in the rivers and smaller 
lakes. A large Pe'ican will devour several large "suckers" in 
a day, judging from the appetite of the bird in confinement. 

:f;r,02v4: .a. touitg nvnis- 
sioisrA.K,Y. 




[The following letter was written by Elder R. <!. Lambert, 

Laie, Oihu, Sandwich Islands, April 22, 1876.] 
To the Seventh Ward Sunday School. 

Deab Friends:— Though 1 am far distant from 
you in p irson, my thoughts are often with you. and I rein :m- 
ber well the many happy hours that 1 have spent in your 
midst, and the great amount of good instruction thai 1 r liv- 
ed whil nding our S ibbath School. 1 remember very 
well also the patient, pers-evering and willing efforts of our 
ti i li rs, and I now see how little they were appre iated by 
ling so gi latlj benifitti 1; yet I belie\ ! all who 
I and 1 in tho e glorious principl ' 
5 mi : d;i ippi iciate the labors that were bestow id upon them, 
and e<p liquid they be called to bear to the i ions of 
i •tith-ithit 'ill his reve.i'.el, irhiisb. many of 
ttful will probably have to do. The world is ful 
of >in a i I unb lief, and there is plenty of room for us all to 
lents; then let us not spen 1 our i s that 
on in i i eness, nor in following the frivoliti is an 1 
i the age, bui u ■ iry m inj mt that God 

n of iur minds with useful knowledge, such 
as will I ii I i" in ike it men and wo i en after the will of our 
I !re itor. 
Now thai ' rolden opportunities are passed, T can ^ee my 
in not listening more strictly to mv teachers' words, 
and fa ten u\ more firmly on my mind the gold things they 
expounded to me; and I would like to urge you, my young 
brethren and sisters, to make diligent use of your time and 
present great privileges, in storing your minds with useful 
knowledge. I frequently contrast you in mv mind with the 
little dark-skinned native children of these Is'ands, in their 
ignorance, without the chances of intellectual improvement, 
and raised in their rude way. Most of them are but half 
dressed, while you are enjoying everything that is necessary for 
the improvement and culture of your intellects, raised by 
intelligent parents, in good houses, surrounded by culture and 
taste, and in the midst of the living oracles of the true God. 
You should, indeed, be thankful that your lots have been cast 
such plesent places, for I do really think that our mountain 



home is the mo«t pleasant place in the world. I doubt not 
but you would all agree with me were you to leave it for a 
short time. You may think it strange that I should think 
our mountain home so nice, when here we have perpetual 
summer or spring, an ■' all the year round we plow, plant and 
reap; here we eat water-melons in December, and luxuriate 
in oranges, cocoa-nuts and pineapples, and yet with all these 
niceties, this land, to me, does not compare with "our moun- 
tain home." 

The inhabitants of these Islands arc a strange people. In 
looks they resemble the Indians we see at home, though they 
are considerably more enlightened and civilized. They can 
nearly all read and write in their own language; but with all 
that has been done to civilize them they still retain many of 
their old traditions and superstitions, which are very hard to 
eradicate from their minds. But the gospel truths that have 
been given them have taken away some of their foolish ideas, 
and taught them sometl of the true God. They formerly 
worshipped a great many kinds of gods, some of stone, others 
of wood; also birds, and fishes. The chicken hawk, which 
they cad "Pueb," was supposed by them to possess super- 
natural powers, and was worshipped by some of them; also the 
shark. The latter, I am told, is still worshipped by some few, 
and they tell some very queer tales a' nut its powers and the 
wonders it performs, none of which can be substantiated by 
living witn iss but like many of the itories we hear of 
ghosts and hobgoblins, ire witnessed by some of their pro- 
genitors who In i ien dead. 

The scenery of th i e islan Is '-> very grand, and perhaps on 
some future occasii I . write you a di criptionof someofit 
but Tor the pn sent I will dr toad e witn "Aloha" to you all. 




... ->• — «o- — I ^ 

T-ECS LIBSRTY BELL 



A n interesting 
XJl the 



on who i i; Philadelphia to see 
ion be tl "0 Lil erty Bell," 

an illu trationofwhi I cen on our fi \-t page. It 

: infctvsl ' esent ime, when ei ntennial 

lents and mem» ] ivn id, It will m t resound 

w'th the joyous pea h it i ic hum! ! years i i. Ibr, as 

the engraving indicates, it is novi ' ken; hut it will remind 
those who see it ol th i sen ati i must! ve ai imated the 

breas f s of our forefathers ni ' i century since. 

A Philad dphia publication thus sp of I his bell: "Here 
is tohe seen, for the a Lng, the id ntieal Old Liberty Bell' 
whose voice pealed fo ih a the of our Nation's 

birth, proclaiming in undying tones 'Liberty throughout 
all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof;' and though 
bruised and broken, and .-caned all over with ;he conflicts 
of a hundred years, yet to-day i is lovingly cared for, and 
guarded with revereutlal pride. Hardly a stranger visits 
our city, ho his stay eye,- so 1 rief, 1 u | makes a pilgrimage to 
the shrine of Liberty, O'd Independence Hall, within whose 
sacred precincts it is placed, and watchfully warded and cared 
for as a priceless boon. 

"And when, dear friends, you gather here during the coming 
months, to join with us in the Great Celebration, do not fail to 
make a loving call upon this veteran of our pre-historic days; 
and though you find him silent and reserved, — 'mute witness 
of the mutations of time,' — you will nevertheless be deeply 
impressed with his worn and battered appearance, and carry 
away with you, to hold in loving remembrance, the lesson of 
that wondrous legend that burst froni his youthful heart one 
hundred years ago." 





YEITILB IITSTE/TJGTOR 



117 




l\h: e eastern 

QTJ-ESTIOiT 



DWELLING as we do iii these peaceful valleys, far away froni 
the old world, we are but slightly affected by events which 
are looked upon a- ot serious aud even alarming import to 
mankind. By thj telegraph aud press \\e a.-j brought into 
close communication with the am . t distant places, and made 
familiar with thing- doue thou anas of miles away almost as 
soon as they occur. The eastern question ia now occupying 
universal attention. Twj consuls representing their respective 
governments of France and Germany have been mu dered at' 
Salouica in European Turkey and a great outcry has beeu 
raised in consequence. Salon ea is the ancient Thessalonica 
from whence Paul the learned Apostle addressed letters to the 
Churches in the year 52 of the Christian era. It is strange 
that ancient places so frequently mot with iu scripture should 
thrust themselves so much upon the notice of the busy moderns 
who would rather not be roil ed ab iu p a is or things which 
in any way interfere With their o.din rj . n nits. 

The murdering of consu 5 is an uuu.-ual occurrence, as such 
persons are authoi zed to reside iu to reign i mnti es to protect 
tho rights of their em yiu ninth ,' ire appointed 





to. and it is gen nai.y a ause I war between nations where 
confidence is thus violated. But the population of Salonica 

isnotconfined to Turks only, it lonsi I partly of Mohann lans 

and partly Christi ns: Turk-. Creeks, Ainu ni n , and all Kinds 
of easl -in n u ; na it ie 

With politics the Instri ctob lias little to do, bul wc have 
inserted a wood i ul whi. h « e tn i i nl idi a of the orii n- 
tal costumes, The tyle of dress i well adapted to the climate 
and the habitsof the p ople. [u rcspeel i idie* , he mode ie 
similar to that of ancient times. The emblems wmn instead 
of the cross, as symb ils ol Christianity, are those of the cre- 
scent an 1 star, syinb At of the followers of Mohammed. 

The present difficulties in Salonica arise from religeousdis 
BensHms.tbeMohamiuedanserideavoring to pro elyte Christians 
having stirred up feelings of int> nse bittet tie s 

[ n these difficultie of which it is impossible to foretell the 
end it may bo, as alluded to in the Ih eret Ntw, the ancient 
prophecies are about to be fulfilled. Salonica lias been the 
Bcene of many important events, and its inhabitantsfor ages have 
been distinguished as a turbulent people. 



OUST THE 
BOOK: OIF MORMON". 



lessox evil 

Q. — Failing to kill Samuel, what did the people do next? 

A.— They sent their captains to take him and bind him. 

Q. — Were they successful in this? 

A.— No; he jumped from the wall and fled to his own country. 

Q. — What was the condition of the people for the next four 
years? 

A. — A few remained stead ast, but the majority were very 
wicked. 

Q.— In the ninetieth year of the reign of the judges what 
occurred? 

A. — Many signs were given to the people, and many saw 
angels. 

Q. — At the end of the next year how long had it been since Lehi 
and his family felt Jerusalem? 

A. — (six hundred years. 

y. — At this time u ho was chief judge and governor? 

A. — Lachoneus. 

Q. — Who had the pi r s and the records? 

V — Ni pad, a grand ol Helaman. 

Q — What becan f Nephi's 'ather? 

A. — He left the land, and no one knew where he went 

Q. — What did the unbelievers do n th i commences ent of the 
next year: 

A. — They set a day i which all who believed Samui I • proph- 
ecy should be put to d lath, unles - be sign which be mentioned 
should be seen. 

Q.— Wlr. did hey i il e this step' 

A.— Because tin y ti d ; he tint ■■■ ■ bin which 

Samui 1 id Je is hould i >me 

OIsT the bible. 



sied 



t}.— What did Saul d ■ « ben he heard thai David had c capt d? 

A. — 1 ' igers again the third tin 

Q — What li ipp hem' 

A.— ''The; iphi ! til > " 

Q.— What did Saul d ilhen! 

A. — He went himself to Ramah. 

Q, What happened to Saul on tl e way, and while before 
Samui 

A —The Spirit of the Lord was upon bim also and he pi 
in like manner. 

Q. — What bei a a saying after this? 

A..— "Is Saul ' i am ii- the proph 

(i — \\ hat did I'm i I do aftet I 

A.— lie Bed I'r Naioth in Kan ih and ce el Jonatl an. 

Q.— V, lui did David say to Jonalh 

A..— "What lia\ e 1 dot e? « hat is mine iniqn i.\ ' and w hat is my 
-in bef re thy fa h ir, tin t ho si ekoth my life?" 

Q. - Win ■ was Ji n il hi n' I- pi, 

A..— "God forbid; thou eh bi hoi I n y father will do 

nothing either great or small, bul that he will show it m«>; and 
why Bhou'd tnj father i ide thi thin* fi in i 

Q, — What did Du\ id i In n Bay? 

A.-- 1 'fli;, fathei cortninlj knoweth that I havi found graco in 
thine ej es; and lie eayeth, let not Jonathan know this, lest he bo 
grieved: but truly us the Lord liveth, and as thy soul livctl 
i B but a lep bi i « ■■on me and death." 

Q.— What did Jonatl an then saj unto I'.r. id? 

A..— "Whatsoever tin soul do«ireth, I will even do il for 

tl ." 

Q._What did David tlo-n say unto Jonath in? 

A.- "Behold to-morrow le th w moon, and I ihould not (ail 

to sit with the king at meat! but let me go, that 1 may hide mj ■ i 

;,, tin- Held unto the third day at e\ an." 





118 



JTJYE1TILB '-IITSTRirCTOR. 




.A. REMINISOBNOB, 



BT DANIEL TYLER. 



Some years ago, while reading in the Juvenile Instructor 
the prophecy of John Mason in relation to the coming 
forth of the latter-day work, I thought of relating a few 
incidents in the life of my grandfather, Nathaniel Tyler. 

Prom my earliest recollection to the time of his death, which 
occurred in the year 1829, when I was thirteen years of age, 
he was a faithful member of the Freewill Baptist church, 
though uot a full believer in its doctrines. No Saint of these 
times contended more fervently for the faith once delivered to 
the saints than did the aged veteran. In his zeal he went so 
far as to say that there was not a believer in Christ's gospel in 
all the world, quoting to sustain his position Mark, chap, xvi: 
"And these signs shall follow them that believe: In my name 
shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with now tongues; 
they shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly 
thing, it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, 
and they shall recover." This brought down the wrath of his 
ohuroh aud other denominations upon him; but he was unwaver- 
ing. Persecution increased his scriptural researches and faith 
in God, until iu spirit he held converse wirh the heavens, and 
actually became a prophet; for he predicted the near approach 
of the rise of ''the true church." (these were his exact words) 
and said to my father: "You will live to see it, but it will not 
oome in my lifetime." 

Many years before my recollection, I think about seventeen 
years before I was born, his right shoulder was by some acci- 
dent, dislocated. Here wa« a chance which was eagerly 
embraced by his opponents to taunt him, as the Jews did 
Jesus when, unable to stand up in the temple to teach the 
people, Ho sat down. The Jews said: "Physician, heal thy- 
salf." The people said to my grandfather: "Why don't you 
have faith to have your shoulder set?" This was a bard ques- 
tion, and could only be answered bv acknowledging a lack of 
faith. This he freely did, saying that miracles would be as 
common as in the Christian era, if people would" exercise the 
same faith. 

Finally he declared with words of soberness that he heard 
a voice one night, over his bed, saying, "Inasmuch as physi- 
cians haye said that your shoulder could not be set, I will let 
them kn iw i; can be done; for I will do it myself." 

"Mow," said the unbelievers, "we shall hear no more of the 
old man's revelations. He is as honest a man as ever lived, 
but mistakes the imaginations of his own shattered mind for 
the revelations of God. The non-fulfillment of this will con- 
vince him of his errors." 

But, my young readers, imagine their surprise, when, in 
a few days, they behold the faithful man with his shoulder in 
place, and his stiffened arm as limber and strong as the other. 
The revelation and fu li lment are clearly within my recollection. 

In 1830 "the tiue Church" was organized, only one year 
after the death of this great and good man. In 1832 the 
Eiders (Orson Hyde and Samuel II. Smith) fame to Spring- 
field, Erio County, Pennsylvania, where the healing and death 
of my grandfather occurred, preached the gospel, baptized 
three persons and went on eastward, fulfilling a revelation to 
them through the prophet Joseph Smith. 

My father was bitterly opposed for about one year, at the 
end of which tiuio the interpretation of a dream, which 
greatly troubled him, foreshadowed that his whole family 
would become "Mormons." He now, for the first time in his 
life, eommonced praying in his family, and ceased to persecute 



the Saints, without, however, auy idea of ever joining them. 
He soon found, though, that his mind could not rest short of 
a knowledge of the truth or falsity of the strange religion, 
which his only daughter (subsequently and still the wife of 
Father Isaac Behunin, of M. Carmel, Kane Co. ) had already 
ombraced. 

As well as though it had been last evening, do I remember 
the prayer: "0 Lord, send my father in a dream to tell me 
whether Mormonism is true, and I will believe what he says." 
Strange to say, he had not thought of his father's prediction 
until that night, when his father appeared to him as he had 
requested. He appeared arm in arm with an Elder, whom ho 
introduced as follows: 

"Andrews," that being my father's christian name, "do 
you remember that when I was alive 1 told you the true 
church would arise in your day, but not in mine?" 

A moment's reflection brought all fresh to his mind, and ho 
answered, "Yes." 

"Well," said the now disembodied spirit, as my father 
understood it to be, of the aged veteran, "the time has come. 
The true church has arisen, and this is one of its ministers." 

So plain aud distinct was tbe vision of the Elder in my 
father's memory, that he was able to describe him minutely, 
even to his dress. Those who recollect the early days of the 
Church in Kirtland, may, perhaps, call to mind a snuff-colored 
coat worn by Brother J^evi W. Hancock. That coat was 
part of the dress. 

To place the testimony beyond a doubt, in less than a week 
afterwards the "minister" came. His build, his features, his 
dress, the very expression of his countenance, left no rooai for 
doubt — Brother Hancock was the man. 

Suffice it to say, my father embraced the work, and lived 
and died a faithful Latter cay Saint. 

■ ■£-». - .g~j>- - ~»-^.. — ._ . — 

fir/oim: thh::3 iFJE^ESxiDiEisrT's 
:f^:r,t !T. 




ADDKESS OF WELCOME— TEMPLE— ETC. 

TriR following is the address of welcome read to President 
Young on the arrival of himsell and party at York Sta- 
tion, May 1, 1876, by the Superintendent of the Sunday 
School of Sent quin: 

President Brigham Ynung 

Dkab Beiothkr:— Permit mo, in the behalf of 
tho Sunday Schools of Santaquin and Goshen, to sny that a great 
many of our children have never had the privilege of seeing 
you in person. They have heard of y u, sung of yon. re d of 
3'ou and prayed fur you; but when they kneel down to pray for 
you, they wish to know for whom they pray; and. as a reward 
for good behavior in the .Sunday Schools, we have brought them 
down to day to meet you; so that in speaking of you, in after 
years, they may be able to say individually, ''I know him for I 
have seen him," We horje, therefore, that the motive may be a 
satisfactory apology, for taking this liberty And although wo 
make no great display, we here offer our grateful and loving 
hearts; and as leael ers and children ot the ubovo named schools 
wo wish you a prosperous and pleasant journey south. 

As I wrote to the papers at the time, we were met there by 
nearly fifty wagon loads of Sabbath school children, of Santa- 
quin and Goshen Wards. After the reading id' the address, 
President 1'oung made some very pertinent remarks to the 
children and their parents present, also to the authorities of 
the Church who had converged to that point to meet and 
greet him. 





crTJ^r^nsriXjE instructor. 



119 




President Young improved in health daily on the trip to 
this place. 

The Temple is plastered and whitewashed on the outside, so 
that in contrast with the red sandstone hills on the north and 
the lava ridges on the cast and west, it appears truly beau- 
tiful. It is an imposing building, and, to the S.duts who 
visit and enter it, it is simply divinely inspiring. What mag- 
netism in the name "Temple!"' What grand thoughts it 
inspires! How glorious the contemplation of its numerous 
vitd uses to the dead, to the living, and to unborn genera- 
tions! The Latter-day Saints have understanding — all other 
people are in gross darkness — relative to the designs and 
purposes of the great Eloheim in their construction. It is 
traditionally told that the Prophet Joseph Smith said that 
the land of Z'em would bo covered with Temple-, and that 
during the one thousand years of millennium rest of the earth, 
the Elders and si.- ters would enter them and officiate for the 
dead that hive died, sine; Adam, without a knowledge of tie 
gospel. What a greal a id gl uious work! How vitally giani 
the re: 

The young readers of the Instructor, should understand 
that'!' a e not built for ordinary public meetings, but 

their; ' are for the observance of such ordinances 

and offices of the Church as will save and exalt the living and 
the di 1, t id 1 ring I ' into the presence of their Go I, 

from wh presence Adam and Eve, with all their numerous 
posterity, were banished. This is the desire of every Latter- 
day Saint. To return to the presence and favor of the Eter- 
nal God, should be the mainspring of all bis hope and ambi- 
tion. In this transition wc exchange sickness and death for 
life, i:, for immortality, and trials and tribulations of a 

probationary state for eternal joys in the worlds to come. The 
Saints, then, have something to live for— something to die for. 
Praise the Lord for His great goodness unto those who have 
taken upon them His holy name, and who bear His cross! 

A three days' conference meeting is now in session in this 
place. The fine, spacious, new red sandstone tabernacle is filled 
with anxious listeners. This building is a beautiful one, con- 
structed at a cost of $106,00 I, and is the finest structure of the 
kind in Utah. The general and local authorities of the church 
were to-da\ sustained by unanimous vote of the people. The 
building is to be dedicated to-morrow— Sunday. 

The beauty and prosperity of this and other Dixie places is 
a marvel to all that visit them from the north. Vegetation of 
all kinds is very fine, and before this reaches you several of the 
earlier fruits will be ripe. Strawberries are already on the 
table. 

Presi lenf Wells, and Elders E. Snow and B. Young, .fun., 
accompanied by some bishops and others, expect to start in a 
lew days for the settlements on the Little Colorado, Arizona. 
St. George, May 13, '76. A. M. M. 



LETTERS TO OUR CHIL- 
DREN. 



PROM A MISSIONARY IN N. ■'■ 



rpHBOTJOH the columns of the JUVENILE [nSTRCCTOR, I have 
1 the pleasure of visiting you at your firesides, although at 
a distance of over three thousand miles from home. 1 remoin 
her the pleasant visits of bygone time, when it was my privilege 
to speak face to face with you; and am as much as ever 
interested in your welfare and advancement in the truth. 1 
thcrelore avail my .-elf of this generous medium to pay you a 



visit by letter. It is pleasant to receive a letter from our dear 
friends in their absence; is it not? Who are our dearest 
friends? They are those who teach us true principles, giving 
us the benefit of their experience because they love us, in 
order that we may enjoy true happiness to-day and eternal 
happiness when time shall be no more. 

In the bountiful providences of God you have had the 
privilege of being born in Zion, in the midst of the holy priest- 
hood who hold His authority; among virtuous men and women 
who are the sons and daughters of God; the pure in heart 
who labor unceasingly for the establishment of His kingdom, 
and who are willing to spend their lives in usefulness in this 
labor of love. They strive to instruct, edify and amuse yoa, 
teaching you how you may become loving, kind, good and 
n ible men and women. Sabbath after Sabbath do your loving 
friends w.ik patiently upon you, teaching you the principles of 
righteousness, without money and without price; devising all 
manner of inducements for you to study; and encouraging you 
with rewdrd-s of merit for your good behavior, regular atten- 
dance and diiaei.ee, that you may lay a good foundation in 
your youth to become useful in your future livoi These 
indeed are your true friends and they are beloved of God, for 
they do not teach you false principles, lut they have the true 
faith and they want you to have it, also, an 1 that you may be 
putin] m of the kn God they themselves have. 

And this knowledge, dear children can only be obtained 
through the true faith by the re la ions of Jesus Christ as 
you will Iearu in your future experience. Your teachers can 
only tell you how til y gained it, and how the holy mcu and 
women of God gained it in the past, people whose history you 
r 'ad in the Bible, the Book of .Mormon and in the lives of 
gool men and women who have been favored with this precious 
knowledge. It is well that you have to gain this knowledge 
for yourselves, so that you may it be led astray by false pro- 
fessors or religioi ■ •' : laww " 
1 . m d , u the light." Your privileges 
1, r . ;, , youh ]>l tljlt lt i: ' " command- 
M t,ei : by mother; that thy days 
may belong 11 ! " ntwitha promise. They 
naVl i \ w if you honor them, and 
respect thei istimon I ient to them, receive their 
instruction , and tor in the days of thy 
youth," God w.ll reward you i id ive you a witneiso! Him- 
self that you may know, as they know, that He lives. Our 
heavenly father is very loving and kind to those who seek 
Him, and He de-ires, dear eh ll ' hal J IU -lined love and 
respec your parents, each itb ur friends. Then He 
will love you and teach you of Himself, so that as you grow up 

you may be able to teach Others. 

Your friend Bro. George, thai used to \i- : t you at the 
Sabbath school and talk to you I little stories and sing 

for you, is now on a mission fai away from his dear little 
friends, trying to teach the people who know not God how 
they may be put in possession of t lii- precious knowledge. 
You see, dear children, when we are put into possession ol the 
"pearl of great price,'' the knowledge of the kingdom of God, 

Be requires Hi ms I forth and teach the nations, m. that 

all the hon^t in hea-t, who ^ u. truth, may be instructed 
how to wa . 'a the narrow pat it leads to endless lives, and 
a ii h ir to i'iion to learn of Hi 

God bless you, my young friends, with wisdom and under- 
Btanding, that in the future you ma> be valiant in the testa 

m0D y Of JOSUB, and bring forth work- wherein your llea\enl> 

Father will be glorified. Beo. GaOROT. 



fc,. 





CT IT "V IE IN" I Ij IE IITSTRTJOTOR. 




THIS S^IBIB^TIB: S O ZE3I O O !_. . 

BY A. C. S. 



id 
a 









f The Sabbath School, a place of 
{ They teach me there that ev'ry 

— i* — m 



prayer, I love to 
one Mav find in 



meet uiy teachers 

heav u a happy_ 

-0- 
«»■ — a? — »- 

fc*— ta— ^— 



there; 
home. 




In Sabbath School we sing and pray, 
And learn to love the Sabbath day; 
That when on earth our Sabbaths end, 
A glorious rest in heav'n we'll spend. 
I love to go, I love to go, 
I love to go to Sabbath School. 



And when our days on earth are o'er, 
We'll meet in heav'n to pait ho more, 
Our teachers kind, we there shall greet; 
And ohl what joy 'twill be to meet. 
In heav'n above, in heav'n above, 
In heav'n above to part no more. 



SUITDAY LESSONS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



THE HISTORY OK JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHE r. —LESSON XXXIII. 



Q._Did these members bold a meeting on Sunday, as bad been 
appointed? 
A. — Yes. 

vQ. — Who preached? 
A. — Oliver Cowdery. 
Q. — Did no one else speak? 

A _Yes, Joseph Smith and several Others bore their testi- 
monies. 
Q._What did they testify' to? 

A— To the truth of the Book of Mormon, baptism fur t te 
remission of sins, etc. 

Q._What took place after this public mei ting? 
A..— Thirteen persons were baptized the following morning. 
Q.—Who baptized them? 
A.— Oliver Cowdery. 

Q.— Who was among the number that were baptized? 
A.— Joseph Smiths- wife, Emma Smith. 
Q.— Where did they go after they were baptized? 
A— To the house of Mr. Knight. 
Q._\Vhy did they go there'.' 

A.— Because of a mob of about fifty men were ragin_ 
anger. 

Q.— What did the mob do? 

A.— They surrounded the house of Mr. Knight and threatened 
violence upon them. 
Q.— What happened in the course of the day? 
A..— Joseph Smith was arrested by a constable. 
Q. — What charge had been made against him.' 
A— He was charged with setting the county in an uproar 
{.reaching the Book of Mormon. 



TJHIIE "W-^SiP ^rVTST D T'HE TU ZBZEZE. 



th 



by 



A wasp mot a bee that was j t-r buzzing by, 
And he said: '"Little cousin, ean voju tell me why 
You are loved so mucn better by people than 1 ! 

"My back -'lines as bright and as ye' low as gold, 
And my shape s m >-t elegant, too, o be n 1 I; 
Yet nobody likes me for that, 1 am told." 

"Ah, cousin.'' the bee said, " tis all very true; 
But if I had half as much mischief to do, 
Indeed they would love me no better than you. 

"You have a fine shape and a delicate wingf 

The}' own you are handsome: but then there s one thing 

They cannot put up with, and that is your sting. 

*'My coat is quite hom.lv and plain, as you see, 
Yet nobody ever is angry with me, 
Because 1 in a humble and innocent bee'' 

From this lit le st rv let children beware: 
Because, lik'the wasp, if ill-natured they are, 
They will never be loved, il they're ever so :'air. 



sju^rEjNriJijizi xjsrsr^^TJOTOi^ 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FritST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEOR^S Q. CANJJOW. 



EDITOR. 




Errata:— In part of the edition of No. 9 there were some 
typographical errors in the music. Omitted :— double bar 
niter first note in 8th measure, and the last note (B) in the 
tenor of the same measure. Also for the first note in the 9th 
measure, alto, read G; and for the last note, 11th measure, 

o, read E. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional wdl be charged for Postage. 

^3-0ffiee, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




