
VOL XJ. 



SALT I^KE CITY, i»ECEiVIBER 15, 1876. 



NO. 24. 



STJ^IMII^EnDES. 




THE picture here presented is intended to represent a stam- 
pede of wild horses ou the p-inifias of South America. 
Most of our readers are probably aware that extensive plains, 
or tracts of uncultivated latid, are found in different parts of 
South America, which, if they existed in our western country, 
would be called prairies, but which are there called '"pampas." 
On these pampas for a great portion of the year rank grass 
grows in the greatest 
profusion, and exten- 
sive herds of wild 
horses and other aia- 
mals roam and flour- 
ish, ac free and un- 
tamed as the birds 
that inhabit our high- 
est mountain crags. 
At certain seasons of 
the year the soil of 
these pampas becomes 
parched and the grass 
dries up, when the 
animals seek "fairer 
fields and pastures 
new," generally mak- 
ing their way to the 
lower and swami)y 
districts or along the 
banks of the rivers. 
As we may imagine, 
a stampede, or a run- 
Ding away, through a 
sudden fright, among 
the.se wild horses, is a 
grand sight to behold; 
but a stampede of 
wild horses or cattle 
on their native pam- 
pas, or praiiios, is but an iiL-igiiifica^t alTair in i)oinl of terrible 
api)earance and disa.strous resiilts, compared with the stam- 
pedes with which niu.st of the liattcr-day Saints who emigrated 
to these valleys a quarter of a century since were familiar. 
Many of thoBC who ero.s.sed the vast uiiinliabitcd jilains that 
stretched between the Missouri lliver and the llucky Moun- 
tains, with ox or hor.se teams, in the early days of the settle- 




ment of Utah and the surrounding region know from painful 
experience what a stampede is. We are quite safe in saying 
that no adult person who ever ^^v a genuine stampede, such 
as then so frequently occurred, will ever forget the sight and 
the sensation it produced. No written description can convey 
to the mind of a per.^ou who has never witnessed such a scene 
an adequate idea of the exciting and horrifying sight. The 

stampedes we refer to 
were not those of 
wild animals, but gen" 
tie work hor.ses — the 
faithful "Dobbins" 
that had been raised 
on tiie farms and in 
the barns, and han- 
dled and confided in 
for years — and inno- 
cent looking, docile 
oxen, many of which 
were so notorious for 
their thick hides and 
short memories that 
a whi|) or goad seemed 
to have little effect 
ujion them. 

The very sense of 
security inspired by 
the docility and lazi- 
ne.ss of these animals 
during the early part 
of the journey often 
tended to render a 
stami)ede more start- 
ling and appalling 
than it otherwise 
would have been. 
Many of the emi- 
grants were almost or entirely unused to driving teams, and 
would naturallv bo expected to have some tre|)idation in man- 
aging their aninuils during the first few days of the journey, 
but this would wear off as they became more familiar with 
their aiiiiiiiils, es|ieci«lly if the latter wc^rc .so inior in fiesh ag 
to be either unable or unwilling Ut regain a .stauditig po.sture 
after lying down to ref*t wilhiml some one lifting at their tails 





Cr XT "V" E ISr I L E ID^STI2/TJCT0I?.. 




to a$si<:t them, which was not an uucommon occurrence. 
Inder these oiroumstances it is not surprising that a general 
stampede should be about the last thing looked ibr by the 
uususi)ectinp i-mijirants. Iiuagiiio their consternation when, 
as the animals <iuit:tly grazed or rested near the camp, some 
sudden t'riL'hl would take possession of them, and the la/.iest, 
gentlest and poore.-t with the rest would sjiriug to their 
feet like s<) uiany frightened deer, and. wiih hiaiis cruet 
and tails elevated, start off at a break-neck pace, apparently 
in whatever direction chance happened to lead theui. sonie- 
tiuies dashing right through the camp, regardle.*s of such 
obstruilions as men, women, children, tents or even .wagons, 
and not halt, or scarcely slacken their speed, until they had 
reached a distance of from five to twenty miles from the 
place of .starring. 

."»ueh a stampede as this was bad enough, often cau-<ing. as 
It did, a considerable delay Oefore the animals lould be found 
and returned to the caiu]) to re-;uiiie the Journey: but far 
Worse w;is it when a stampede occurred whiU' the train was 
traveling, when the teamsters were many of them louLgiiig 
in the wagoD.s, or at a distance from their teams, and the rest 
of the travelers were leisurely walking along the road, or 
resting their wear) limbs in the wagons, or enjuyinj; a i|uiet 
nap lieneatli the shade of the wagon cover. Suddenly some 
team HI the train. perh;ips the very last one, Wiuild take flight 
at Himething. and the paiiie would spread like an inl'ection from 
"tie team to another, until within a few seconds eveij' team 
bad partaken of it and was dashing along, not in a .straight 
line, but pell-mell, in the wildest confusion. The bellowing 
and running lA' the friirhtened oxen in their mad career, the 
shouting ol' desperate men in their vain attempt- to stop the 
animals, the screaming of excited women a.- they elung to the 
wagon Iniw- to save them.selves, or in their frenzy thre* their 
children from the wagons or jumped out themselves, the 
cr>-ing of the lerritied children, the raltling and breaking of 
WHL'xn- and the barking of dogs would then combine to make 
up n .««-ene of horror sneh as no per.-wn need ever wish to see, 
and no per-on who once sees is ever likely to lorget. 

Olieu in eases of stampedes wagons were broken and 
animals killeil nr maimed .so a.- to be u.-eles.s, and not unfie- 
ipiently per^m- were run over by the animal.- or waifons and 
M-rioiL-ly Wi>un<led. and sometimes killed. They have many a 
time U;eii known to start from the ino-t trivial e:iu<e, and 
often without any ^ippareiil cau-e. leadiii).' some to .«uppo.-e 
that the animal." were Iriithtenej by >onie -uperMatiiial ;ii.'cney. 
• Kxen. lhoiii:h not .<o liable as a rule to su<lden fright-s as 
horses, ore far worse in i-a.«cti of stampede, as hii- been proved, 
ihf p'Mir ami lazy, a- before remarked. Iieing no ex.eiilion. 
Ih-tanecs :ire on record of animal.- ninnint: when -tampi.iled 
until they sank down and 'iieil either from e.xh-iu-tmn or fear. 

Somrlinie- it h»p|M'ni'd. in the e.i-e of a train staiiipeiling, 
that a Military teani out o( the wli^ile company would be 
prevcn|e.| from running by tlir driver immediattrly springing 
to the head- of the oxen ami IwatinK iheiii. In sneh i-uses the 
attention nf the animal- would In- ei'iitered in winkini; at and 
tr>iiig to avoid the furioii- blow- of th'' ■Iriret rattier than 
ob-ervinir ihi- aetion- •<( other aiiininis: but -ueb ea-es were 
■ |uitc e»ieplional when the alarm w«- suildcn and not eheeked 
in the very lieginning. 

Tho**- wbn have taken the puins t.i ob-erve ihc- babil- of 
hof^- and i-altle oiu-l have noiiecd that lliey are more liable 
t" \ir ner^'iu- and -kitii-h when in a siningt- plni'e and :iniohir 
-tranye "urrouiidins- than when in iheir nHti>i- liniinls. and 
this fact may aecotint lor the liubilily 'if animiil- thai buvc 



been reared in the midst of human habitations and civilized 
surroundings to stampede when they get out on 4,he open 
plains where no familiar objects are in sight. It often hap- 
pens then that .such a trivial thing as the unexpected yelping of 
a dog or the sudden appearance of a man, especially if dressed 
in an unusual style, will be enough to create a general i)auic 
among the cattle, when a like lause in their old home would 
have had little or no effect ujion them. 

Some of the staini)ede scenes in which many of the Latter- 
day Saints have participated will probably be handed down 
as interesting and exciting fireside stories for the children for 
manv sicnerations. 






TVEIS- 




IN conijiaiiy with Hrother Zebedee Coltrin, .Um., 1 left my 
houu> in Spanish Fork on the ;i(tth of last April, as a mis- 
sionary to the United States. When we started our feelings 
can better be imagined than described. \Ve were both young 
a'ld inexperienced, and felt our inability to perform the duties 
of our calling without divine a.ssistauce. While on the cars 
go'iig through Iowa, I had a conversation with an Infidel upon 
religious matters. 1 .soon found that ho was well versed in the 
.science of geology, in fact he was a learned ujan. 

He attempted to prove by the .si^ienci of geolt)gy that the 
Mosaic acco'iiit of the Creation was untrue, as, according 
to his theory, tin' world had been proved to a demonstration, to be 
much older than the Bible .said it was. 

I replied that I was Imt little acipiainted with srcology: but, 
as far as I had sttidied it I had found it to prove nitlier than 
to disprove the correctness of the .Mosaic account of the ('re:t- 
tiim. He then asked me a L'reat many ipicstioiis in regard to 
the faith ot the Latter-day Saints, in such high-flown language 
that, had I been left to myself, 1 could not have an.swered one 
half of his rpiestions; but, by the asisstance of the Spirit of 
the Lord, I was enalilid lo nn-wer all of them, in a .-atisfac- 
;ory niMiiner. 

When he left the cars, he .-aid, "(uMillem<!n, I wi-h I had 
been going farther 1 was just bcgiiniing to be interested in 
your doctrines." We rejilied that we felt the .-ame way. 

I have written the fnrciroin;; as a testimony to the younir 
nnMi that read the .JcvK.Nll.K I.nstiuct.ih that the Lord will 
as,-i-t those that jint their trust in Him. I am a- wc;!! satisfied 
as I am that I live, that it the Lord had not lent his aid, we 
would have appeared very pom- ministers of the gospel, to 
that learncil man of the world; and he probably would have 
left us in di.-gust. ^lany moit> similar inuidents 1 could cite, 
but 1 will let this snriiee Cor the present. 

However, to the young men of the Laltirr day .Saints, let 
me v'ive thi- advice: 

.Search the .Seript^ires; make yonr^clve.» adpiaintcd with the 
jirinciples of our religion; emjiloy all your spare time in 
aci|uiring useful knowledge, ami profit by the experience of 
one of your own numucr. 

Iiemlnvion. Iiid. . .\irii<il..\s Smith. 

Nov. liO, fsTCi. 

Ik vou have great talents, industry will improve them; if 
you have moderate abilities, indu-try will supjdy their deti- 
eieneies. Noihiiig is denied to well-directed labor: nothing 
i- ever lo b<' attarned without it. Lalujr is hoiioiiible; idleness 
is a disgrace. 




m' 

f 



J-TJ^EIDTILE II^STI?.TJCTOI?.. 




THE B J^ 3Sr "2" j<^ 3Sr TI5.3I1E 




AMONd the jjreat number of curious and useful trees which 
we have described at different times in the columns of 
the lN'STKr<TnH, we have iirobably mentioned none more 
interesting and wonderful iu its peculiarities than the banyan 
tree. This tree is a native of India, and its scientific name is 
Ficus Indlea. It is a species of the fig tree, some varieties 
of which, as our readers are probably aware, are grown 
extensively in the warmer portions of our own country, and 
even to some extent in the southern part of this Territory. 
Wejareinot aware, however, that the variety called the 
banyan.is to be found anywhere but in India. The peculiarity 
for which it is chiefly notfld consists in its sending down shoots 
from the limbs, which, when they reach the ground, take root 
there and in time become stems, from the branches of which 
other shoots-'extcnd, thus forming a canopy, or bowery, with 
supporting pillars, and with a coveiing of foliage so dense 
that the sun's rayscan scarcely penetiatc throutih it. Trees of 
this kind sometimes coveranimmcn.se area. One has been 
described as hav- 
ing three hundred 
and fifty large 
stems, equal in 
size to large oaks, 
and more than 
three thousand 
smaller ones. 
This tree covered 
a space sufiicienth 
large for seven 
thousand persons 
to assemble under 

it. 

We once read 
of a Hindoo chief 
taking up his 
abode for some 
months under the 
sheltering branch- 
es of one of these 
trees, and a very 
pleasant place for 
a residence during „ , , » 

drv weather it no doubt was. lie could have all the advantage.s 
of"tho different part-s of an extensive mansion wi.hout the 
expense nr trouble of building any of them. The Hindoos 
generally hold this tree in great reverence and often a.ssemble 
for worship under it, and it is al-o said that their priests are 
sometimes led by their peculiar ideas in regard to religion to 
Hpend their lives in solitude beneath its wide spreading 

branches. . ■ , • . , 

\s a curio.sity in nature the banyan tree is certainly interest- 
ing, but it is not alone for this it is prized; the ba.k is used 
by the Hindoo [.hysicians as a medicine: it yields a .juice 
which is said to cure the toolha.he. i.nd guinlac, an article of 
considerable c.mm.rrcial imporlanc, is obtained in abundance 
from it It also bears a fruit of a i i<b M'arlet color, about the 
Hize of a cherry, on which, a., well as the leaves of the tree 
great numbers of nionkeyR oubsiHt. Swarms of birds ai,.l 
bats also make their homes in the branches of the trre. 

Not the least interesting peculiarity about this wond.^rful 
tree IH the n>anner in whi.h it orifinales, or rattier grows from 
the »ccd. The seeds of uuist trees are dr^posit-d in tlie 




ground and there germinate and grow: but the banyan tree 
selu(5m starts in this way. The seeds are generally "deposited 
by birds in the crowns of palms, and senil down roots which 
embrace and eventually kill the palms." When the banyan 
tree becomes old the original trunk decays but the t-hoots 
which have been thrown out from its branches continue to 
grow and sustain the foliage. 

What a pleasing study is furnished us by the wonderful 
works of the Creator iu what is known as the vegetable 
kingdom! A .short time since we gave our readers an account 
of the bread-fruit, a veiy important article of diet with the 
South Sea Islanders. Here we give a view and a description 
of a tree, which, in its native state, answers every purpcse of an 
artifici:'l bowery, and is even better, and would .-erve as a very 
good summer house. A few months ago we gave a description 
of the milk tree, or cow tree, as it is often called, of S(nith 
America, which, when the trunk is tapped yields a delici^us 
and nourishing fluid, that is said to resemble the milk 
obtained from cows. Then, too, tlie;e is a butter-tree, which 
grows in India and Africa, and bears a pretty yellow flower. 

The flower is suc- 
ceeded by a fruit 
about the size of 
a iiisreon's epe. 
which has inside 
of it a kernel or 
seed. This seed, 
when pressed, 
yields a very nice 
kind of butter, 
that has an advan- 
tage over some of 
the more preten- 
tious butler that 
is sometimes sold 
iu this country — 
it will keep many 
months in the 
waniK St weather 
without changing 
in flavor or color. 
Here we have the 
representatives of 
three of the staple 
articles of diet with us— bread, milk and butter — all produced 
from trees, and yet we have scarcely begun to tell about 
the wonders of the vegetable creation. 



ElSTTOIvIOX-iOa-Y-IsrO. 15. 



RY W, I>. JOHNSON, Jl'N. 



NFUUOl'TEH A. 



T 



llK word "neuroptern," is derived from two CJ reek words 
iiruron. a nerve, and p/eron, a wing. In,«oet.^ belonging 
to this sub order are easily distinguished in their perfect form, 
by their fiuir large, broad, thin and nerve-veined wings, both 
pairs being aboute(|ual in size. They areeonsideri'd ibe lowest 
of all till' iii-o'cl class. Tbi' body is long and worm like, head 
geiieially large, and eyes prominent: the abdomen is composed 
of elt.'ven segments, or rings; the mouth parts are very similar 
to tho-iC of the nrlhoptera; th<'ir melaniorplioseM are either 
complile or i.artial; the larvie are generally aqmilic. To tl 





280 



Cr TJ "V E IDT I H. E XJSr&rTTtXJ aTCD^R. 





sub order belong the white ants, the brilliant dragon flies, or 
"devil's darning-needles," May flie<, ant lions, etc. , most of 
which are carnivorous in their habits. 

Among the most remarkable insects of this sub order, is the 
family of "termitida\" Some of its genera are found inevery 
part of the world except the frozen regions. They are known 
by the common name of white ants. Their bodies are shaped 
somewhat like an ant, but differ in the long, narrow, net- veined 
wings. This family comprises neuroptera, with depressed 
bodies which are soft, and generally light colored; wings, when 
present, lie horizontally along the back; heads are of moderate 
aize; ej'es rather small and globose, and with two ocelli between 
them; antenmv short. The3' have two conical points at the 
extremity of the body, the legs are short, body ovate, and 
.shorter than neuroptera generally. In habits and form, they 
are the most perfectly organized of this sub order. They pos- 
sess intelligence and remarkable instincts; they live in com- 
mun'ties whose numbers are great. Their metamorphoses are 
only partial. 

The white ants, or "termites," are mainly found in Africa, 
South America and the tropics. We have one species in this 
Territory; they are about one tenth of an inch in length, and 
are found in decayed wood; they belong to the genus "termop- 
sis. " The most remarkable are the termites of Africa. One 
variety, called "termes bellicosus," or warlike termites, con- 
struct large domiciles, or hillocks, from ten to fifteen feet high. 
The inmates are composed of workers, soldiers, king and 
f|ueen. The workers build the nests, procure provisions, nur'^e 
and rear the young, and do all the drudgery; the so'ders gu ird 
the castle. They are furnished with a large head and p<iw>^r- 
ful mandibles. Wheneve* the nest is broken into, the soldiers 
rn-ih out and seize the first thing they come in contact with. 
When they fasten on to man or animals, they have to be pulled 
to pieces before they relca.se their hold. Their nest is built in 
the shape of a cone, and is so .solid and hard on the outside 
that travelers often climb to the top to extend their view nf 
the landscape. The siructure sometimes contains forty or titty 
stories, and many separate rooms to each story. In the center 
of the dwelling is the royal chamber, from which the king and 
ijuecn after entering, never leave. The body of the queen, 
just before she commences to lay her eggs, increases (i-nin half 
an inch in length to eight inches, bj' one in width; all motion 
on her feet is impossible; and it is said on good authority that 
(the lays ISO.OOO eggs in twenty-four hours. The workers are 
devoted servants of the royal pair, in bringing them food, 
removing the eggs 'to the nur-eries, or hatching rooms, and 
attending to all their wants. The workers and soldiers never 
attain wings; they are larvic which nsver t'o beyond thi< stage. 
At certain seasons of the year the males and feinalos of the 
new progeny come forth from these castles with great gauzy 
wings and fly away at night. In the morning they may be 
seen scattered all over the ground despoiled of their beautiful 
wings. In this state thev are greedily eaten by other insects 
and animals, and but very r^w escape; and those who do, go 
by pairs and found new coloni(!s. Oonjiiarinu' the relative size 
of the.se insects at one f|uarter of an inch, ami men at six feet, 
their stnictnres are more wonderful than cathedrals or the 
pyramids of Kirypt; their castles are five hundred times their 
own hight. This species live on the gum of trees, and other 
veiretable substances. 

Another verj' destructive variety found in .Vfrica. devours 
all kinds of tiiiilier. wooden furniture, books, papers, boots, 
shoes and all kinds of clothing Thev dig long underground 
galleries from their ne.st to the neighboring houses, and enter 
thron!.'h the floor or posts; and they sometimes destroy all thg 



wood work in a single night. They have a particular dislike 
to eating in the light, so they hollow out only the inside of the 
wood, while the outside appears unmolested; but by the 
slightest touch it crumbles to pieces. Authentic accounts are 
on record where they have ruined whole trunks full of cloth- 
ing, and left in their stead only a heap of dust; and also de- 
stroyed houses and goods Another species lives on decaying 
wood, and therefore answers a wise and beneficent purpose, 
especially in warm countries where vegetati(m grows so rank 
that if the decayed matter were not removed, "'t would soon 
impede the growth of other vegetation, and also taint the air 
and make it unhealthy. These little insects, on finding a 
fallen tree, soon devour it, and seem really tond of it. There 
is still another kind of termites, that build their nests in the 
tops of trees, in a circular mass, made of sticks cemented 
together; but the most interesting part of it is that they have 
a covered passage way, made of clay, which winds around the 
tree from the gmund to the nest, and it isimpeivious to water. 
All these species are considen'd by the Hottentots and Afri- 
cans excellent food; they eat them raw or boiled, with infinite 
rehsh, and frequently become fat on them. They are said to 
taste much like sugar and cream. In the East Indies, the 
people catch termites and make pies of them. 






BY Q. M. 0. 



THE CONTRABANDIST. 



( Cnnli7iueil. ) 



iil 



IT/'e all have more or less selfishness in our natures; and I 
I T mustconfess that my feelings towards Diaz were not any 
too friendly. And so my iealou^y mastered my modesty, and 
I lost no time, when an oiiportunity was presented, in declv.rlng 
my love to Florence, and otfering her my heart and h»nd. 
Dear girl, it was with mingled feelings of pleasure and sorrow 
that 1 listened to her tell how, day after day, during my 
absence, she climbed the tall cliff- and gazed over the sea, 
hoping for my return; and how, night after night, in calm or 
storui, when sleep forsook her, she offered up her prayers 
for my safety and success; how the days seemed months, and 
the months long, long yeans. She told me more, that to me 
was alarming: J)iaz, by .Minie moans had Failidin under com- 
plete coiiirol, and exercised his authority most tyrannically, com- 
pelling him to .submit to and acquiece in all liis propositions. 
To do this more effectually, he kept him in almost a constant 
state of semi-intoxication. He and Fathom together had 
coni|iletely crushed all spirit and lite (uit of Mr.s. Fathom, and 
Florence herself lived in dread — a dr.iad of something, .she 
did not know what. J>iaz aUvays enc'eavored to make himself 
most agreeable and deferential towards her; but in spite of 
his affable way and bland smile, she saw the hollowne.ss ot 
his heart, and the lurking evil witliin. lie had as yet made 
no offers or proposals to her; but Fathom at times, when 
'in his cups,' had thrown out broad hints about a future 
relaiionshi|i, and the time when they would all really be 
related and united in one family. 

"'But re.st assured, Edward,' said .she, 'nothing under 
heaven shall make me form an alliance with that man (Diaz); 
for I know, tliough I cannot prove it, that he is a villain at 
heart. And should my father (meaning Fathom, for she was 




"JM", 




J'TJ'VEItTIIL.E IliTSTI^TJCTOI?. 



33L 




«till ijrnorajit of her parentase), attempt to force mo into sucli 
a uiii n I would leave my home for ever — even 5uffer deal 1.' 

'■ 'I comforted Florence, and assured her that it vras hcyoTid 
Fathom's p'lwer to force her irit i anvallianic renupnint to lior 
feelings. 1 old h r ihcre was one who possibly h id as much, if 
not more to say iu rtgarl to the matter of her marriage ihan 
he had; and in proof of it, I led her straightway to my fathci-. 
for T determined that he should know of our 1 e hrothal, and 
acquain' Florence with the circumstances of her rcsi-ue fmni 
the wreck. Wc f.iund him in his li'tk library at the cottage, 
and, before he woulil allow me to si)eak, lie p csented me 
with a package, which was an order for me to attend, forthwitji, 
the examining boaid of admirals, at Portsmouth, to denion- 
strate, by a series of examin it!o;is. my fitness to receive a lieu- 
tenant's commission in His Majesty'.s navy. 

'"The news brought tears of joy into mv father's eyes; 
while Florence's overflowed wi;h sorrow. 1 was too intent 
in my purpose, Jiowcver, to be diverted by the order. I told 
my father of mj- love for Florence, and how she, in return, 
loved mil. I also told him of my suspicions ot Fathom, and 
described the circiimstanee of my last fi-hing excursion with 
him, which the cspsrienoe I hid since gained bad made clear. 
and which, as my father then rennrked, wa-; suffi.;ient to 
condemn him. I then told him of the hints he had thrown 
out to Florence in regard to her marrying Diaz, and the jirK-i. 
bility of their attempting to furce her in'o suc'n an obnoxious 
union during my absence; to prevent which. I wanted liim to 
relate to Florence the circumstance of her re.-cue, and true 
relationship to the Fathoms. 

'"He made us sit down by his side, and related everv cir- 
cumstance connected with the wreck; how fierce the gale blew. 
how wild the wavc> ran, and la.shed and thundered on the 
shore, how every living soul perished, except the little infant 
brought to shore by the faithful dog; and how, for months, he 
had endeavored to find a elue to the vessel's name, but all in 
vain; how, believing Fathom an honest man. and childless, th- 1 
he and his wife would prove the best parents for the Irtle girl; 
how he had promiaed Mrs. Fathom never to divulge the "secret 
to Florence: and how he had Ion? snsneeted, and .silently 
rejoiced at the affection growing between Florence and my.self ' 
He had also suspected, and then detected Fathom (but unbe- 
known) in his nefarious callins, and only dela3'ed informing on 
him for Florence's sake. He took from his cabinet the blue 
and white handkerchief and, ]ilacine it in her bands, told her 
to keep it, as it was the only link to her identification, and the 
only memento of father and mother, who had, doubtless. 
when all hope had fled, tied it. with tears and praver* ^nd 
kifses, around her waist, and tru.sted to the faithful brute, we 
had called 'Hero,' He told Florence that the sight of the 
handkerchief would advise Fathom that the secret of her 
relationship was known, and, probably, wou'd restrain hiin 
from any overt acts against her inclination--'. In anv ca=e. my 
father said that she would always find a friend in him. and a 
homo at his house. 

'■ 'Poor norence! It is not possibk' to describe her feelings 
during the recital. She neither showed signs of joy or sorrow; 
but a change seemed w take place in her whole nature. From 
a laughing, joyful girl, she was, as if by masic. transformed 
into a sad and thoughtful woman. The few days allowed me 
before leaving for Portsmouth I pas.sed in her company on the 
brow of the cliflf, where she wished to he. There, lookinir at 
the jagged reef of rocks running out seaward, I would jioint 
out the spot, as it had been pointed out to me. where the 

sel struck, and de.-^cribe over and over again each particular 




of tlie catastpophe. And after my departure, I have .^een 
to d. th-re she passed her time, sadly watching the blue waves 
curling over the cold stones, as if expeciing the de«p sea to 
give up her )iareuts or f'urni>h the lost link that left her alone 
and nameless in the world. 

'' Florence i)romised me to ani)ly to my father for aid and 
counsel during my absence; and, with a parting that was most 
sorrowful to both of u-^. I set imt on my journey. A melan- 
idioly borelodirig ,«ecmed to haunt me, and, iu spite of my 
be<t reasoning over the bright prospects apparently in store 
for me, I could not shake it olT. The close application to 
study the few days before the examination, and even the 
cxcitem"nt of that momentous oeca.sion, coidd not disi)el the 
gloom. Had it not l)een for the thorough nautical training 
under my fithcr's tuition. I doubt whether I would have 
passed; however, pa-s I did. and, a few days afler, received 
my lieutenant's commission, with orders to report on board 
a frigate then on the eve of sailing. I wrote lo Florence and 
my father of my success, and as our vessel was bound to the 
Mediterranean fleet with and for dispatches, our cruise would 
not be a long one, and I hoped soon to be with them again, 

" 'Our ship, after the u-ual i>reparations for a voyage, got 
uniler way. The orders wiire to proceed directly to our desti- 
nation; but the eapiain, anxious, doubtless, to ])ick up a few 
jirizos, ran over towards the coa^t ot France and, under easy 
sail, leisurely dropi>ed down a'oiig the coa.-t, with the hope of 
piik'ng somethinir u]!. A sharp look out was kept, and con- 
s derable activity and anxiety were manifested by all hands 
except myself I could not shake off the melancholy, nor hide 
it; and I believe our commander was inclined to think, from 
my morbidness, that I was a very stupid young man, and the 
soon »r he could get nd of me the better. However, we found 
no prizes, and hauled off the coast to proceed on our mission. 

■■ 'We were in the latitude of the Lizzard Point, late in the 
afternoon, when we overhauled a .small brig that had a susjii- 
eious cut about her. wbiuh, on examination, proved to be an 
enemy, and. like our own craft, a bearer ot dispatches. As 
tbo.se dis]iatcho.s were, ujiou examination, found to be of great 
importance, the captain thought it necessary to place the prize 
and jiapers in charge of .-ome comiietent person to deliver; and 
therofore picked upon no less a personage than myself thus 
setting rid of two responsibilities — a dull ofhcer and a prize of 
little value. 

■ My orders were to make the neaiest port, and send the 
papers by land to London A jirize crew was ))ut on board, 
I received my in,-tructions. bade my shipmates farewell, took 
command of my little craft and before the sun went down, 
had lost sight of the frigate. As no particular jtort was men- 
tioned. I bore away for the little bay that .-hcltercd the boats 
belonging to the fishermen ot the little village near my father's 
cottage. , 

I To Ijf Coii iiiliri/, ) 



NiTMKcis. — Nutmegs arc the fruit of a beautiful tree which 
grows in the ^lobieca T.slanils. and in other parts of the Fast. 
AH the jiarts of the tree are aromatic: but only tbo,-e parts of 
the fruit called mace and nutmeg are marketable. The entire 
fruit is of an oval form, about the size of a peach. The 
nutmcL' is the innermost kernel. It is surnuinilcd by a skin, 
which, peeled off, constitutes the mace of commerce. The 
tree yields annually three crops. The first crop, which is 
gathered in .\pril, is the best. The other crops are gathered 
in .\ui;ust and Decemtier. Good nutmegs should be dense 
and b(>avv. and free fnun worm holes. 





S83 



CTTJ^EILTILE IliT STie,TJOTOI^, 



^^ 



^jM M^veniU Mnslrudor, 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, DECEMBER 15, 1876. 





S this is the closing number of Volume 
^]^ Eleven of the Instructor, it may not 
be out of place for us to review in brief 
its past history, and especially that of 
the volume which is now closing. It is 
now eleven years since the publication of 
the Instructor was commenced — not as 
^'^'' a handsome twelve-page magazine, printed 
on costly, well- finished paper, but as a 
four-pase .sheet, on inferior paper — though 
very good considering the facilities for obtaining 
it. Though at that time such a publication wag 
generally admitted to be a necessity, it was 
considered quite a precarious venture in view of 
the poor prospect for support that a publication 
of any kind then had. If it had been started as. a 
financial speculation, some disappointment might 
have been experienced by its projector; in fact, the 
probability is that its existence would have ceased 
long since, as is the case with the majority of the magazines 
and other periodicals that are started, after a short though 
sometimes brilliant career. However, the purpose of starting 
the publication was rather to accomplish another and very 
different object than that of getting rich, and that object, if 
we may accept the testimony of others who have observed the 
effect of its influence, together with our own observation, as 
evidfiice, has been in great part realized. The special design 
in publishing the Instructor was to supply a very apparent 
want in the midst of the young of the Latter-day Saints. 
Though magazines and newspapers weie cheip, abundant and 
accessible, it was next to impos-^ible for a Latter-day Saint who 
had regard for the training of his children in morality, in a 
knowledge of and love for the principles of the gospel, and in 
obedience to the Priesthood of God upon the earth, to obtain 
from the publications of the world the kind of reading matter 
that he would like to place in the hands of his children. 
While many publications contained a great deal that was good, 
and doirable that the young should become acquainted with, 
such matter was alim it invariably mixed up with reading 
which was erroneous, and some that was decidedly pernicious 
in its tendcn..y. As children could not reasonably be expected 
to possess the necessary judgment to select for their perusal or 
.itudy only that which was go^d and correct, according to our 
ideas of relijrion, there was a deumnd among the people for a 
jiiiblication adapted to the utider.-,tandiiig of the young, which 
would contain reliable teachings; which should be interesting 
and entertaining, and at the same time instructive; which 
should advance nothing but what would be in perfect harmony 
with the principles of our holy religion, and which h.Mild be 
refining in its tendency. The aim of the Jl'vknii.e 1n- 
sthuctor in .starting was to supp!;- this want. It has tried 
for eleven years past to do so. O'lr readers must judge for 
themselves how far it has succeeded. If we were to follow 
the example of other periodicals iu pulili>hing flattering testi- 



monials, we might fill a great portion of every number of the 
Instructor with reading of this nature; but, although we are 
gratified at receiving from our many friends expressions of 
their appreciation of our efforts and the merits of the paper, 
we prefer to furnish our readers matter which we think will 
be more interesting to them. 

Since eleven years ago the progress of the Instructor has 
been marked by a gradual improvement in the appearance 
and quality of the paper and engravings used, as well as a 
verj' material increase in the size of the sheet. At the same 
time the price has been reduced to two-thirds what it formerly 
was. These facts may be taken as evidence of our desire and 
determination to make the paper in every way worthy of the 
support of the people. What embarrassments we have ex- 
perienced in the business have chiefly arisen from our over 
anxiety to make improvements in the paper and reductions 
in the price. We have done so sometimes faster than the 
support received or prospect and support have warranted us in 
doing. We have been gratiued more especially during the 
year just past in noticing the growing favor with which our 
paper is received, and the increased anxiety that is being 
manifested by the young people generally to avail themselves 
of it. It is an evidence to us that a taste for good reading is 
growing among them; and we hope ere long to see that taste 
developed to such a degree that the literature of a pernicious 
nature which is yet so abundant in our midst may possess no 
charms for the La+terday Saiuts, especially the young whose 
judgment is immature, and whose minds and morals are most 
easily influenced by such reading. 

Before commencing the present volume, we made certain 
promises to our subscribers in regard to what we expected to 
do, to which we can now refer with a degree of satisfaction 
as we think we have fulfilled them. The volume is now 
before the public and our patrons must judge for themselves 
as to whether we have given them the worth of their money. 
That their decision will be favorable to us we have little 
doubt, and we trust they will give us evidence of it by renew- 
ing their sulscriptivms and iuduciug their friends and neighbors 
to subscribe. We have asked our friends in the past to do all 
they could to extend the circulations of the Instructor, for 
the good they would accomplish by doing so; we have now to 
vuew that request. We think the people for whose spe'ial 
benefit the Instructor is published should feel suflSciently 
interested iu it to j-ubscribe without our having to go to a great 
expen.se to employ traveling agents to visit the different parts 
of the Territory and canvass for it. We prefer to use the 
means that we would have to pay to such agents to make fur- 
ther improvements in the paper; and we feel assured that 
those who feel interested with us in the work of instructing 
and improving the youtli of Zion will not object to helping us, 
by a little personal exertion in the work of canvassing, to .save 
us from such an unnecessary expense, and at the same time 
increase the power of the paper for good by extending its cir- 
culation. SHperinte-^dents of Sunday schools and their assist- 
ants and teachers arc especially requested to take an active 
part in this work, and, where it is possible for them to do 
.«o, organize and make a systematic and thorough canvass of 
their Wards, or districts. 

All we have to promise in regard to the forthcoming volume 
is that we shall make it, if possible, excel the past volumes. 
We expect to make iuipnivenienis in it just as fast as the 
.Mijiport we shall receive will enable us to; and we are pleased 
to be able to announce that the prospocts of the Instructor 
now, financially and otherwise, are better than ever before 





G'TJ^STElsriLE IIsrSTI?;TJ OT OI?/. 



S83 







BY C. R. S. 




THOSE who were fortunate enough to have seen the great 
Centennial Exhibition of 1876, have reason to be proud 
of the event. No better opportunity was ever presented to 
enable one to see a condensed epitome of what man can 
accomplish by skill and perseverance, than was offered to the 
wondering multitudes in Fairmount Park, Philadelphia. 

The object of this article is to convey to the stay-at-home 
readers of the Instructor some idea of what was seen in a 
trip of five weeks from Salt Lake City to the eastern cities 
and the mammoth World's Fair. To those readers matured 
by experience, some of the details will not be new; but it is 
hoped that the younger portion of those who peruse its pages, 
may be interested in learning what is being done by the great 
world of mankind outside of .ur mountain home. 

Almost everybody in going east, finds his way to Ogden, the 
junction of the two grio railroads, styled by advertizing 
agents "The great trans-c jntinental route." As we have one 
hour to wait, let us take a good look around the depot. 

The Union Pacific Company tried hard to have the junction 
six miles west of Ogden; but when President Young ran the 
track of the Utah Central Railroad across their track, he 
incidentally remarked that that would decide where the junc- 
tion should be. It is very unlikely now that its location will 
ever be changed. 

As we look to the north, a long train of bright yellow cars 
are coming in. This is the train of the Central Pacific Rail- 
road, with a very powerful engine, mail, express, baggage, 
sleeping and passengpr coaches, containing the overland mail 
and passengers. The Australian mail from England passes 
over this road, as well is the mails for California and the 
Pacific coast. Millions of treasure ai-e also carried, and the 
vital business interests of the Atlantic and Pacific slopes are all 
merged into our overland train. 

We will now examine the character of the Union Pacific 
train, as we shall have to sit fifty-four hours in the cars while 
making the trip to Omaha. 

Travelers say that the trains of this company are the finest 
looking and most complete in the United States. 

Let us see how the train is made up. The passenger engines 
gercrilly weigh about thirty-five tons, and are as perfect as 
they can be made; they are about 200 horse power, have 
patent safety valves, from which the steam escapes when it 
exceeds 130 pound.sto the fq tare inch. Noengineeris allowed 
to carry more pressure than this, although the boilers are said 
to be able to stand a pressure of 200 pounds to the .square 
inch. Attached to the engine is the machinery for working 
the Westinghouse air-brake, with a large air chanibor, into 
which a heavy iire.ssure of air is forced. To this cylinder is 
attached India rubber tubing, running the length of the train; 
this is attached to the brakes, and when the compressed air is 
allowed to operate upon them the force i.s so gentle and certain 
as to be hardly noticed; but when the full force is applied, the 
train, though running ;it tlie rate of twenty miles an hour, can 
be stopped in the distance of its own length, supposing it to 
have six cars. This invention has saved hundreds of lives, 
and makes railroad travel much safer than by the use of the 



old style of brakes, which may be seen on any of our Utah 
railroads. The air-brake is under the control of the engineer, 
and so complete is its action that it looks like child's play to 
manipulate it. I once saw a train of eight coaches stopped 
by its action within twenty feet of a wash-out, caused by a 
cloud-burst in the mountains near Aspen. With the old-style 
brake, the train would have been destroyed, and probably 
many lives lost. 

These engines can be run safely at as high a rate of speed 
as seventy miles an hour; but I would prefer slower time. To 
ensure safety when traveling at great speed, the track must 
be perfect and as nearly straight as practicable. 

Very few think of the great importance of having a careful 
engineer, and of the great responsibility resting upon him. 
He must be ever vigilant and watchful, must know every foot 
of the road; where to look out for land-slides, sharp curves, 
and steep inclines; he must know what his engine can do, how 
much "she" can pull, and understand "her" exactly; and 
should an accident occur by a broken rail, by a wash-out, the 
falling of a bridge or the breaking down of any part of the 
machinery; or, what is worse, by meeting animals, or obstruc- 
tions wilfully placed upon the track, he generally ruud the risk 
of losing his life. No owner of a fast horse is prouder of his 
animal than is the engineer of his locomotive. 

The mail car is generally attached nearest the engine. This 
is carefully barred and bolted, and none but post officials are 
allowed inside. It is a post office on wheels, and is a model of 
order; it gives and takes from eveiy station en route. 

Next in order is the express car, controled by the .same 
regulations for the safety of its contents. No one is allowed 
inside but the messenger. Coin, bullion, and other valuables 
are taken care of in this car. 

The baggage car follows, presided over by the baggage 
master, who generally gets tired of handling immense trunks 
on his long trips. Some grumbling folks have called the men 
holding this position baggage smashers. One of the fraternity 
is said to have met with an iron-boun 1 trunk that he could 
not injure, and it so overcame him that he burst into tears. 
Most nervous people think that a trunk should be handled 
like a newly born infant, when the contents are generally 
supposed to be clothing, and not liable to injury from being 
thrown around. It is a safe thing to advise the reader never 
to bother himself with more baggage than is ab.solutely needed, 
when traveling for comfort. 

The car generally attached to the baggage car is the .-econd 
class smoking car. It is also the head quarters of the irrepress- 
ible news-boy. A long ti ip in a second ela.ss car should be 
avoided if possible, as it is the most uncomfortable and dis- 
agreeable part of the train. 

The first class car follows next, and is sujierior in cleanliness 
and comfort to the other. 

The rest of the train is made up of Pullman sleeping cars, 
or "sleepers," as they are called. They are finished in the 
most elaborate and costly style, some of them have cost as 
high as $4."), 000. They weigh from thirty to forty tou.s each; 
so that for every passenger a ton of dead weight is hauled, 
supposing the berths to be all occupied. 

The cost of a berth from Ogden to Omaha is eight dollars, 
either upper or lower, as luck may favor you. The beds Ibid 
up neatly and leave just room enough ior fnur persons, for 
each section of two berths. 

The I'lillman car is very comfortable for long trips, having 
ample facilities fir washing, tables for pie-nic, and .■■niall lamps 
to eaih sci'tion, .vjiuuld you wish to read at night. They are in 





284z 



jTJVBisrxi-.^:' insrsTi^TJOTOi?/, 





charge of the porter, and a clerk, who is politely called the 
I'ullman palace car conductor. Sometimes there are four or 
five of these cars on a .--iDgle train. On some roads a dining 
car is attached, so that yon nia.v take your meals a; the rate of 
thirty miles an hour, niurj or le-s, as the case may be. 

As the danger of snow blockades is imminent in wintertime, 
a supply of i)rovisions, boxeJ up, is carried in each baggage 
car. Itifles. a.ves, etc.. for protection against robbers, and for 
use in accidents that may occur, are alto fiitod in racks, ready 
fur use in a moment. 

AVhen one considers the length of the mad. and the many 
chances a train runs, it is wonderful so lew accidents iiccur. 
The utmost care is u-ed to prevent such calamities. 

"All aboard!" is .sounded by the conductor and the train 
moves off slowly on the long pull to Omaha. The engines are 
changed every hundred miles; but the cars go through. 

(Jur route skirts the north side ol the Weber I'iver, and at 
the Devil's gate we catch the la^t glimp.se of Salt Jyake ^'allcy. 
The river at this point is spanned by a fine Howe-truss bridge, 
eighty feet above the river bed. In the springtime, when 
the river is very high, the roar is deafening. Tlie immense 
wall of rocks towering thousands of feet above, and the narrow 
'defile through which the rivor rushes, a seething uja-^s of foam, 
combine to make a Devil's Oatc to .suit the most exacting. 
A traveler once remarked in pas.sing here that it was rather 
singular that you should have to jjass through the Devils 
(■ate to go to /ion. 

We soon after emerge into Wcbei ■^'all(•y, jiassing the .settle- 
ments of Mountain (ueen. Knrer|iri.se, I'eter.son, Milton, and 
the only incorporated city the ['. I', road passed through when 
it was first built— Morgan City— then }tound Valley, and the 
tunnels built by the "Mormons." The celebrated Devil's 
Slide is .seen on the right, consisting of two immen.se ridges of 
limestone running parallel with each other 0,1 the mountain 
.^ide, nearly five hundred (Ijct in length, with a i>a,ssage way 
befvecn them. It would be a rather rough .slide if it were at- 
tempted. One trial would be enough to make mince meat of u.s. 
The next object ot interest is the one thousand mile tree, 
just about that distance from Omaha. We then pass out into 
another open valley, with Henneferville on our right, Croyden 
or Lost Creek having been passed on our left, a short distance 
from the track. A few miles farther, and the Witch Rocks 
are seen on our left, then Kcho City, I'ulpit l!o:k, and good 
bv to the valley of the Weber. 

^ Our road now turns due east, and we begin the ascent of 
E;ho Canyon, pas.stng Monuuient Rock, and what few tlieie 
are left of the old defen-es made by the .Nauvoo I^cgion, in 
Is.),, as a proiection against the army ; ent out Ijy James 
Buchanan, then I'rcsident of the United States. 

Sentinel Rock stands on the mountain side, near Castle Kock 
Static n. The ascent from tl.is point to the long tunnel— 1,200 
feet long— at the head of the canyon is very steep, and having 
j.assed it wo arrive at ^\'a.satcll Station, oni-e a lively place, 
but now, dull and inanimate. 

Soon af cr leaving the last named point we enter \\'yoming 
Territory, and a few miles farther on we are in the valley of Be ir 
I'viver, where the wagon road takes of\' tor the Bear Lake 
country and Soda Springs, in Idaho. 

Evanston is a lively railroad town, and is surrounded by a 
fine grazing country, and mountains filled with cfial. Lumber 
and firew.,od are floated down Rear River, which sustains a 
lumber mill, charcoal kilns and other enterprizes. Round 
houses and railroad machine shops are also located hero. 
( To be Confiiiued. ) 



gravels ii| |(nt!ijt* 



liV WrtJJAM KOTHKRINr.lIAM. 



IN' comp.i.ince with the request of the editor, I purpose 
writing an abridged history of my travels in India, for the 
jievusal of my yo\uig friends, the readers of the Juvenii.K 
J.vsTKiCTOK. I shall touch upon the manners and customs of 
the Ilin b'o^. and other important incidents that may be 
interesting to the young who read it. 

Before describing my travels in India, I will write a brief 
chapter illu-^trative of the scenes while traveling from Salt 
Ijake City to Calcttta, Iliiidostan. Joseph Smith, the great 
Prophet of the last days, through the revelations of Jesus 
Christ, laid upon his brethren of the Twelve Apostles, the 
labor and responsibility of seeing that the gospel of the king- 
dom was carried to all the nations under heaven, gathering the 
Iicople who believed their testimony to the land of Zion, 
l)reparatory to the second coming of the Lord, which is near 
at hand. This l)cing a very extensive labor, the Twelve have, 
fi-om time to time, called upon the Elders of Israel to be co- 
workers with them in pcrforminjt this great work. 

At a special Conference held in Salt Lake City, on the 2Sth 
day of Augu.st, ].s.")i.', over one hundred Elders were called to 
go on missions to different parts of the earth. Nine of this 
nund)er were sent to the East Indies; they were as follows: 
N. \. Jones, R. B illantyne, S. A. WooUey, W. F. Carter, 
Robert Owen, T. Leonard, A. 51. Musser, B. Skelton and 
myself. 

We left Salt Lake City on the I'Oth of October, l.S.-j^, in 
company with the Elders appointed to Australia, the Sand- 
wich Islands, China, Siam and South America, numbering 
over forty in all. Being late in the season, we traveled the 
soutliern route to California, vi,siting our southern settlements 
as we journeyed along; which, at that period, were .small, and 
a considerable distance apart. 

The company left Cedar City, which was then the extreme 
southern settlement in Utah, on the 8th day of November, 
and arrived in San Bernardino, Cal., on the .")th day of Decem- 
ber. We tarried at this place for two weeks, resting and 
enjoying the hospitality of our brethren, and disposing of our 
outfit, such as horses, mules, harness and wagons. J]ach 
Elder had a hor.se or mule, harness and the fourth intetest in 
a wagon. Those constituted all the worldly goods that each 
lio.s.se.ssed to take hii.n to his field of labor; and most of the 
Elders sent the greater portion of the proceeds home to their 
families and friends, trusting in the Lord to open the way 
before them. The Elders in those days being tolerably hard 
U)! for means, traveled without purse or scrip, which had a 
tendency to make them huiuble, and lean upon the Lord to 
open the way before them, and every faithful Elder can testify 
that the Lord never deserts those who. while laboring dili- 
gently in Ills eau.se. thus rely upon Him. 

The brethren of Sat; Bernardino furnished us with teams 
to take us to the coast, a clistance of ninety miles. It rained 
very heavily during the journey from San Bernardino to the 
sea-board, which made it very uncomfortable; having no .shelter, 
and being expo.sed night and day to the incessant rain. 

When we arrived in Los Angeles, we took shelter from 
mid-day till next morning, in an old buildine having a very 
leaky roof, which was little better than being out doors. On 
account of the rain and mud, we were five da3's in going 





cTTJ^EitTirjE iasrsTi?/TJca?OK.. 



S85 



San PSdro, the point from ;vhich we intended to sail for San 
Francisco. San Pedro is a poor roadstead, where vessels can 
anchor, and put off and take on the passengers and freight 
which pass between San Bernardino and Los Angeles and 
San Francisco. 

We tarried five days in San Pedro, waiting for a passage to 
San Francisco. During our stay, we had to pay seventy-five 
cents per meal, and poor fare at that. There being only one 
house in the place, every advantage was taken of our neces- 
sities. We procured our passage for eighteen dollars and 
fifty cents, on a small brig called the Fremont, which was bound 
for San Francisco. 

Previous to weighing anchor, the sailors bi ought four wild 
Spanish steers on board, to be used for our supply of beef 
during the voyage. In the early days of California, the cattle 
raised there were of the Spanish breed, and very wild; and 
would chase a footman on sight. Two of the steers, after 
being put on board, got loose, became enraged, and, (o avoid 
casualities, they were immediately killed. 

As I have already .-itated, tho vessel was very small, with 
little ballast on board. The sea was running high, and, to use 
a nautical phrase, the wind was blowing "square in the ship's 
eye," (which means a head wind) causing the craft to pitch 
and roll about. On the voyage the other two steers got adrift, 
and they soon cleared the deck of all hands. The passengers 
took to the cabin and hold, and the sailors made for the rigging. 
One steer rushed at the Malay cook, who wore a red shirt, 
and that individual just saved himself by dodging into his 
galley, or cook house. The sailors with bowie knives, and the 
cook with an ax, soon vanquished the two infuriated bullocks. 
Our food was served up to us about the same as for swine; 
the potatoes were cooked as they came from the soil, not 
washed. This, with the Spanish beef, a tin cup full of poor 
cofi"ee, and sea biscuit made up our meals— not very palatable 
food for individuals who were badly afllicted with sea-sickness! 
There being only eight cabin berths on the brig, the balance 
of us had to take up our quarters in the hold. The vessel, on 
a former voyage, had been loaded with whale oil, a portion 
of which got spilt, ran into the vessel's limbers, (notches cut 
through the floor timbers to admit the leakage water to the 
pump-well) mixing with the bilge water. When the vessel 
rolled, the oil and stinking bilge water would be ejected through 
the seams of the ceiling planks, saturating our bedding, and 
producing a disagreeable stench. 

After seven days sail from San Pedro, we passed through 
the Golden Gate into the bay of San Francisco. When 
within a mile of the wharf, as it was blowing a gale, the cap- 
tain ordered the sailors to let go the stirboard anchor. The 
chain jammed in the windlass; at the same time the tide was 
running at the speed of a mill race. The sails being in a 
condition to render the brig no as.siftinee, she c'r'.fted down 
with the tide, running against a large ship lying at anchor in 
the bay, carrying away the ship's flying jib-loom and martin- 
ga'e, and h^r own try-sail-boom and gafl'. She got clear of 
the ship without any further damage, stilldiifting astern, when 
they let go the larboard anchor, which brou ,'ht her up. 

My young friends who have never been on a s-hip cannot 
understand the ininiinent danger which I have just related; 
but those who have sailed on the sea, can fully realize tin- 
peril to which we were exposed, and our sudden and miracu- 
lous escape. Our vessel might have had her quarter stove in. 
and sunk before as.sistanoo could have been rendered; also W(; 
were in danger of the falling of the broken spars, chains, 
blocks and 'ropes down on our heads. Wo felt to thank the 



Lord for this deliverance. The same evening, while a large 
ship was beating into the bay, she went ashore, and was 
wrecked. 

(To ht Continued.) 



% ^ri^to !0ttii ^nti^oHe^» 




CHAPTER XXIII. 



BY HUGH KNOTJGH. 




MR. Rhodes, or "King George," as he was more familiarly 
called, was almost idolized by the poor immigrants. He 
oft'ered them farms and town sections, and means to build and 
cultivate; and to enable them to pay for the same, he set them 
to work making roads, building bridges, fencing pastures, 
tending stock, shearing, sawing timber; and others started, 
with his help, blacksmithing, building, gardening, etc. He 
also opened a large general store, where the settlers could- 
obtain every necessary require^'. No money was used until 
the colonists were free from debt. By this means he enriched 
himself immensely, and greatly benefited the new settlers; 
for, as they had no money to squander in unnecessary things, 
they soon obtained homes and farms of their own, besides 
being clear of that curse of society — debt. * * * 

Night approaching, I made my way back to the "hotel," 
and found supper already prepared, which consisted of mutton, 
"damper" and tea. From after experience, I found this, with 
the addition of wild pig, to be the staple bill of fiire from one 
end of the month to the other. The bid was slightly altered 
sometimes from "mutton and damper" to "damper and 
mutton;" and after a time I came to be ashamed to look a 
sheep in the face, and if any one suddenly spoke to me, I was 
liable to answer "bah!". I must be honest, however, and 
mention that on Sundays the cour.^e was increased by a glori- 
ous plum duff. How I longed for the Sabbath to come round ! 
A word here about the "hotel" and its guests. It was con- 
structed of rock, whalebone, lumber, etc., and was about 25 
by 40 feet in area. The outer donr opened into a large kitchep 
(the fireplace taking up the whole of one side) and which also 
served for sitting room, billiard hall and card-playing and 
concert saloon. One corner was partitioned off a'l a "bar." 
The "lean to" was divided into four rooms, pilod with bunks, 
or beds, one on the top of the other, like those on board i-hip. 
The guests of this hostelrio consisted of "station nia-^ters," 
that is owners of .sheep and cattle ranches, and their "over- 
seers," bushmen, shearers, .shepherds, sailors, and in the 
evening the company would be increased with the "newchum.s," 
the name given to the immigrants. When the p. b (pa'e 
brandy--the fiivorite drink) would get in their heads, ([uarrels 
would arise, ending in a general turn out and fist pounding, 
.all striking at each other indiscriminately in the dark. To 
their crerlit. they never used fire-arms, knives or clubs, but, 
.[ohn Hull like, went in w th their fists. Clandestine, or 
deadly as-ault, they, in any way. ahhored; hut fist pounding 
they cou'^idereil a part of their diiily amusement, and thought 
it rather heneficial anil healthful tliiin not. 

About throe months after my arrivnl in Tiinaru. I conceived 
the idea of holding a public ball. Tlie immigrants' barracks 
1 einu' now empty, I .secured it for the ball roimi, and decor- 
ated it with ferns and wild flowers; also engaged a (piadri 





S36 



arTJ"VE!isriXjEi iiststi^tjotoi?.. 





band, consistins of two fiildles, a flute and bone accompani- 
ment. The performers also followed the profession of sail- 
ors, and though they did not play from note, and strictly in 
time, they made up for that deficiency in encrcy and volume 
of sound. A week before tlie time, 1 published the advent of 
the ''first grand ball in Timaru." both orally and hy letter; 
and when the eventful iii^ht arrived, the hall was crowded to 
suffocation, with eager and delighted guests, many !iaving 
traveled as far as fifty miles to at:end the ball. For a first 
attempt the affair went off must admirably, A tew accidents 
occurred through the rougliue-s of the floor, and some toilets 
were damaged by the drippings from the chandeliers; also 
the orchestra, at an early stage of the proceenings, played in 
a very surprising and uneven manner: each one, for a contra 
dance, startinj; a tune on his own account, and using his utmost 
endeavors to beat down die others by sheer force of sound. 
This 1 discovered was caused by the male guests having the 
erroneous idea that the musicians' labors were excessive, and 
i,onsei|uently re(iuired stimulantsfrciiuently and strong. There 
was an exception, however^ in the 'old salt," who played 
"seeonil fiddle:" he could not refrain from going oiT to sleep, in 
the middle of a dance, and dropping his bow, when suddenly 
he Would wake up with alarm and >toi) the others to know 
what they were plajing. Nevertheless, lor all this, it was a 
fine ball. Shortly after sunrise, ihe laiiies and mu.-ician- 
retired; but the gentlemen kept the fun uj). with the aid of a 
concertina, till noon, occupying the time in jig and hornpipe 
dancing, with songs having lengthy choruses as interludes. 
After noon, the ladies having rested and refreshed tbcmseives, 
they wore again eager for ihe fray, and asked for more of the 
light fantastic so it was determined to continue the ball for 
another night: one fair lady remarked she wasn't ''coming in 
forty miles for the sake of one night's dancing, my word;" .she 
wanted to "dance every iiiL'ht for a week." Talk about women 
being the "weaker vessels," bah! tliey were all fresh and 
ready for another niKht's dance, while n:o-.t of tlie gentlemen 
were n-'dining uiidi-r the clilTs, s(jun<l asleeii and snoring I had 
ha<l enotiLdi of the ' ball," so I Icftthi business in other hand.s. 

Two eircum-tances I will mention liere. Early after my 
arrival in Timaru, when the mail arrived I saw men who did 
not receive a letter themselves willingly give as much as half 
a dollar for another person's letter after it had been read. 
What a story did this tell! Under those rough exteriors what 
heart yearnings and lontrinss fr)r the loved ones far away, and 
the dear olii homes of their childhoi>d! ''Home! There's no 
place like home." 

Another item. It happened that among the new arrivals 
there were only two young girls fit at all for sweethearts or 
wive.". Whenever these young girls went out, the.se rough 
bushincn and whalers would follow after at a respectful dis- 
tance, gaziiiL' in awe and admiration, but not daring to say a 
word to them, thjse being the fir^t young women they had 
seen for many a long year. 

So much for the sketch of the "early limes" in Timaru. 
How different the picture today ! In looking over the files 
of the Timnru Daily Herald I sec by advertisements and 
notice", that there are now hotels, schools, churches, a literary 
institution, theatre, stores of all kinds, public wharves for 
unloading , -hips, telegraphic communication; [ler.sons whom, as 
children, I then taught, now at the head of large bu.sincss 
establishments, and last, though not least, the .iron horse 
snorting through the prosperous city — all created within the 
short space of less than a .score of years. 
(To he Conlinxted.) 




0||ra^ihi|. 






THE 



( Continued. ) 



SfOli fe.ar had fallen upon the peop'e of the Counties of 
Missouri, at and near the .scene of difficulties, in conse- 
quence of the Prophet Joseph and the Camp, that measures 
1 had to be taken, to quiet them. Joseph and several other 
I brethren wrote a communication contradicting the reports 
which were in circulation, in which communication they also 
made propositions to buy the property of the mobbers in 
Jackson County. These propositions were very different in 
their character to those which were made by the mobbers to 
the Saints, whom they had so cruelly treated and robbed of 
their lands and other property. The Saints did not want a 
single per.son to leave JacTcson County. They could live there 
without quarreling or difficulty. But there was a class who 
would not be quiet, and who were determined to persecute 
and annoy them in every possible way. They were determined 
that no Latter-day Saint should live in the same County with 
themselves. It was these men's property that Joseph and 
the other Elders proposed to buy. As might be expected 
from the character of those who had mobbed the Saints, they 
would not accept any proposition that would curtail their 
power to persecute — they would not sell out to the Saints, 
neither would they let them enjoy the property of which the 
Saints were the rightful owners. 

While in that country Joseph organized a High Council 
.similar to that which he organized in Kirtlaud. He gave 
the members of the Council and other officers of the Church 
and the brelbrcn of the Camp much valuable instruction. 
During those days a pathetic and stirring appeal was made 
by a nun)lier of the leading Elders to the people and the 
constituted authorities of the nation, and to all the men of 
the earth, for peace. The faith of the Saints was set forth, 
and their views and desires expressed in great plainness, and 
all men were appealed to for help This appeal was made in 
July, 18.'>4. On the 9th of that same month, Joseph and his 
brother Hyrum and some other Elders started from Clay 
County to return to Kirtland, Ohio. 

The most of the brethren of the Camp returned to Kirtland 
at or about the same time. With but few excei)tions, they 
faithfully fulfilled their mi.ssion, and whether they had accom- 
plished much or little, it mattered not to them; they knew 
they had obeyed the commandment of the Lord, and they 
would leave the results with Him. It was a fatiguing and 
trying trip to the brethren. The most of them walked all the 
way to Missouri and back, traveling a long distance each day, 
and principally over bad ro.ads. Yet those who lived near to 
the Loid enjoyed themselves, and received much instruction 
and experience, whiidi have been very valuable to them since 
then. President Brigham Young and his brother Josejih 
were the sweet singers of the Camp. The tedium of the 
journey was relieved and the brethren were much enlivened 
by their spirited .singing. 

Josejih arrived at Kirtland about the first of August, 
having had a tedious journey in the midst of enemies, mobs, 
cholera and excessivel3' hot weather. lie had parted wi 





a-TJ'V^E]3SriLE IITSTI^-CrCTOI^. 



2B7 





the brethren who started from Missouri with him, at various 
points of the journey, and came into Kirtlaud by stage. 

While on the return journey, and on the morning the 
company was at Richmond. Indiana, the editor of a paper 
published there, stated that Jo.seph Smith and his company 
had had a battle with the Missourians, and he had been 
wounded in the leg; the wound was .so severe that his leg had 
been amputated, and that three days after lo.sing his leg, he 
had died. Joseph and his brother Ilyruui called on the 
editor, and it was with difficulty that he could be persuaded 
that the story he had published was false. 

After Joseph's return to Kirtland, a council was called 
and the whole of Joseph's proceedings during his journey to 
and from Missouri in the Camp of Zion were investigated. 
Sjdvester Smith had circulated many stories about Joseph's 
conduct, and had tried to do him injury after his return to 
Kirtland. The Klders felt that tho.«e falsehoods should be 
corrected, and this council was called for this purpose, that 
the evidence of brethren who had traveled with Joseph 
might be obtained. After due examination the council 
published to the Church and the brethren .scattered abroad 
that they were satisfied with liis conduit, having learned from 
the cleare.st evidence that he had acted in everv respect 
worthy of his high and re-|ionsible station in the Church. 
Sylvester Smith was afterwards tried by tlie High Council: 
and to retain his standing, had to confess that he had mali- 
ciously told falsehoods about Joseph. 

On the Hith of O.'tober. 1>:;4 Jo^cjih. in companj with 
his brother Ilyruin, and several other Elder-, left Kirtland 
for the iiuri)Ose of visiting .Minit- Saint> in ^Michigan. While 
on their way to Like Erie. < Uiver Cowdery had a short con- 
versstion with a man calling himself Elmer. Elmer .said that 
he was "personally acquainted with .loc. Smith: had heard 
hitu preach his lies, and now, since he was dead, he was glad! 
He had heard Joe. Smith preach in Hainbridge. Cheuago 
C'onnty, New York, live years since: he knew it to be liinv. 
that he wa> a dark complexioned man. These Were the 
kind of lies that were constaiitlv circulated atjmit Josepli. 
This man. who prole.vsed to have known him and hc;ird him 
preach, etc., was on the same boat with him. and still talked 
about his being dead! lie .'aid that Joseiih was a dark 
complexioiied man: on the contrary, he was light complex- 
ioned! Five years before that time Joseph had not com- 
menced preaching, and he never had beeii at Hainbridge. In 
this way Joseph had to cutter from the lie> and .slanderous 
stories that were eonslaiitly put in cinulatioii liy men v, iio ku'W 
nothing about him. Ilacl he not been a prcMcher of ti ulh and ,i 
bearer of the Holy Priesthood, lie would not have been 
troubleil and annoyed a- he hail been. He enjoyed lii> visit to 
Mi<-higan and returned to KLj-tland much refre.-heil b\ the trip 

A .sehfMil ior the Elders was (;stabli,-hed. and leeluies cm 
theology wen: also delivered during the winter, and they were 
well attended; a very general dispo>ition was manil'e-ted ly 
the Elders to i|\ialify themselves fur th'- work lielore theui by 
aci|iiiriiig all the knowledge within their reach. 
( 7'o be Coil/ ill ued.) 



(>NK rotten apple will infect the store: the putrid grape 
cornipts the whole sound cluster. If I have found liny good 
companions. I will cherish them as the' choici;st of men, or us 
anfreU which arc sent as ({nardiniis to me. If I have any bad 
(inep, I will study to Io«h; them, le-l by keeping iheui I lose 
uivself ill the fnd. I'lltluiw. 



^0rrcs^0iuUnce. 



S.ll.T L.VKK Cl I V, 

Decenibei- 11, ISTi;. 
Editor Juceiiile Iiistrudur: 

In company witli iiiy two counselors. Elders Win. 
Wille.^ all J .Samuel L. E\aii.s, 1 have visited the Sunflav seioois 
of Suit J.,ake City and County, also tlio.'ie in Davis County, and 
by the end of this month we .shall have visited most if not all the 
schools or parents of T^tah County. Our usual custom is tu visit 
lirst the children in their respective schools, examine their 
routine of studies, give them a few words of encouragoment, 
and, after iinding out from the superintendents what is lacking, 
whether it be teachers, liljrary, school hooks or music, we are 
then prepared to advocate their claims at a public meeting of the 
JJishop and other leading authorities and parents of the children, 
from all of whom we iiave met with the most pleasing and 
courteous hospitality, and al»o from tlie County and local super- 
intendents and teaeher.s. It alfords us unmixed gratification to 
bear testiniony to the ;prder, iiuiieiOality, and the high standard 
of advanei-nient of the children in the various branches of study, 
and the constant and devoted labors of many ^^ the superintend- 
ents and teachers. 

The hapjiy couiileiiaiue.- of the children, with their ready and 
intelligent answers rendered lo ijuestions put to them, and their 
cheerful Sabbath school songs and hymns, have been a source 
of great delight and satisfaction. 

We have also enjoyed the pleasure of responding to an invita- 
tion of till) most cordial kind, from Elder Moses Thatcher, 
Siiperinti-ndent of Cache County Sunday schools, to attend a 
"County jubilee' lield in K^gan, where over two thousand 
ihildreii, with their l!islio[.s, superintendents, teachers and 
parents a.'.'cm bled under a large and commodious bowery. The 
varied and pleasing exercisi-s of the day spoke voluine-s in favor 
ol the manner in which ereiy tiling wa- managed by all concerned 
The pn)ni)il and ready answers to one hundred and forty- 
four i^iieslioiis on the lii-tory ..f the I'rophet Joseidi Sniitli, and 
ihi- -iiiitinif of well >eleited and equally well rendered songs, 
formiMi till- leading feature- uf the jiibilci-. 

It wa- abo my privilege lo leeeive and acee]it an invitation lo 
atlenil a jubilee iit lirigliam Cilv. Ii-miii Sui>erintendeiil J. C. 
Wixoni, ssliisre a most deijghtlul lime wav exiierienced in lislen- 
ins; to the recitations, soi.g!-. etc. 

.Many a inothiir's heart was made jrlaJ on that occasion by 
seeing and hearing the fii>l public effort made in reeitiition or 
-..n/ by her own dear lillle -on or daughter, and esuecially when 
fullowi-il by a liearti- applau-e. 

I'.ail.v in till- low \ iiir 1 e\pi-.I. in eoinpanv with Brothers 
Willi-s and V.\ an-, to ,-..iinmiee ■nir vi-il- U> the Sabbath schools 
in thi- I'iu-. and siiie>reiy hope the . uggeslions published in 
v.iiii l:i-t lainibiT will be a help to eviTy siiperinienileiit in ihe 
obsorvaiiii- ot goiid order; ami it will bi, a plea-ure m us to »i e 
llieiii carried nut as lur a- practicable. 

Having thus iilluib'd 1.1 ..ur inn els iluriiiit the present > ear in 

llie inl.re-t of Sabballi -d I-, in which we visited iiiaii\ 

lli.iu-aiiil- "f .bililii-n iiiel pari'ht-, givinn such instru.tlons to 
i-a.h a- tlj.' Spoil .i' lb- Li.rd dielaled. 1 will close by asking 
(;iiil my Heavenly Father I., lolp cMiy superintendent and 
tr-aclier, every Bishop and einin-. b.r and nil others who lake a 
lively inlen-l m tlie ne.rMl and reli)jic im triiiniiii.' of "I lah's 
best cr«»ji*' — our cliildreii. 

liKOKOK (jollll.Vltn, 

Asst Su|it, Ter. 

,si|llida\ .s^iloM.l I'ni.iii. 



allr.bule- 



M vs has general 
mankind. 



ill i|Ulllilie' 



I 



7 



S88 



J-XJ-VEIsrilLiEl HTSTIE/TJOTOI?; 




'C3-0, ^Aroi?.K: i3sr -uty: ^iztTE^j^i^iD. 



From, ^^The Child's Companion," 



There's a Toioe in the air, a still small voice, And it comes toourearwhile weplaj';In themorningitcomes.tho'weheednot the 

y liz^^^-^iH^-j *i — ' — » * — ^ I ' •■• — l•—^^••l•— •- j » fc-»— fczr-H • — "•-+*-( — tiH •-»— »-F+^— -I — — 



3 n __ _i . , _ - __ , _ 1 .i ; li. r.,1 1 , .,^ A uri.^ ,„^ — u :„ , „: ,i *_ j r\ „ „__i- ;_ ■ i . -i ' 



j sound, And at noon and at even-ing it fol-lows us round, "Go, work in my vine-yard to-day, Go, work in my vine-yard to - day. 
I*. ^• .* ^. -• H« . _ I ». * ' N 1^ -I* ^- ■* -* 



'Tis the voice of my Father, from Heaven it comes, 

And it finds us wherever we stray! 
In the field or the town, in the house or the street, 
Whether welcome or not, the same accents we meet, 

"Go, work in my vineyard to-day." 



'Tis our Father who calls; He calls us in love; 

Let us hasten that call to obey: 
He has given us life and each good we enjoy; 
Let us then for His love our efforts employ; 

We'll work in His vineyard to-day. 



seek: ^vat- I s id o 1)^ . 



BV R. ALLDRIIXiE. 




"Who lacketh wisdom should pursue 
The path that God designed; 

For He is willing to impart, 

His spirit to the honest heart, 
To guide the trusting mind. 

.Ask and receive, the Savior taught; 

Seek me and find, He said; 
For all who seek the Heavenly road, 
That leads to virtue, truth and God, 

His spirit will them aid. 

'T'was thus the Prophet Joseph did, 

While in his tender years^ 
He supplicated Eloheim, 
When light in a refulgent stream. 
Dispersed his doubts and fea.-s. 

Jehovah listenei to his cry, 

And Jesus heard the sound. 
And in the woods did condescend. 
The youthful suppliant to attend. 
While "glory shone around." 

With holy radiance he was clothed, 

The world to him seem'd dim; 
The Father said, (and looking on) 
"This is my wel. beloved Son; 
Now, Joseph, hear ye Him." 

The gospel lights they then dispensed, 

The scroll of truth unfurled; 
Salvation from the heavens above 
Descended as on wings of love 
To a benighted world. 

And revelations all divine, 

To Joseph there were given; 
He knew the straight and narrow road. 
And taught mankind the way to God, 
The path that leads to Heaven. 



STJisriDj^'y LESsoisrs. 

FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



TF'a HISTORY 07 JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHKT.^LESSON XLIV. 



Q. — What did the Lord reveal to Joseph about the wicked peo- 
people in Missouri who were driving the Saints from their homes? 

A. — That they would be destroyed by His judgment. 

Q. — What great work was in active preparation in Kirtland 
about this time' 

A. — The building of a Temple. 

Q.— When did Joseph take a mission to the Eastern States and 
Canada? 

A.— In October, 1833. 

Q. — What was the result of bis preaching on this mission? 

A. — He converted many and baptized them into the Church. 

Q, — After his return to Kirtland, what was established there? 

A. — A printing otKce. 

Q. — W'hat paper did they commence to publish? 

A. — The "Evening and Morning Star." 

Q. — When did Joseph receive a command from the Lord to 
raise a company of volunteers to go and redeem Zion. 

A.— In February, 1834. 

Q. — Who was appointed Commander-in-Chief of the armies 
of Israel? 

A.— The Prophet .Joseph Smith. 

Q. — When did the company leave Kirtland? 

A.— On the -Slh of M.ay, 1834. 
, Q. — When they reached Missouri, how many were there in 
the company^ 

A. — About 205 men, besides several women and children. 

Q. — What name is this known by in the History of the Church? 

A. — Zion's Camp. 

Q. — How was the Camp divided? 

A. — Into small companies of twelve with a captain over each. 



cnrvEisriXjE ii<rsTi?>TJOTOK> 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON TirE FIRST i FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GIGOROE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy^ pw Anniim — — $2,00. 

On Copies seat by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional wiU be charged for Postage. 

.^©"Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




