aOMNESa TO VME1LQBD, 

r 




VOL XL 



SALT LAKE CITY, JAN U Alt Y 15, 1 ;T0. 



NO. 



i_,ionsr hztjistthtg- iict algibhs. 




THE great terror of the 
natives of Northern 
Africa is the lion. It is 
all very well to see him 
stuffed in his glass case at 
a museum, or to watch 
him in his cage at the 
Zoological Gardens with 
the pet he has adopted, 
or being fed out of the 
barrow at the traveling 
menagerie; but to see him 
at home is quite a differ- 
ent thing. 

The lion is of the cat 
tribe — of the very same 
family with mild purring 
puss. And so he has big 
eyes that slow like fire in 
the dark, and he sees very 
well with scarcely any 
light, just as our cats do. 
At the same time that 
town cats steal out to walk 
the walls and roofs, and 
hold their midnight con- 
certs, the lion in bis own 
country comes down from 
the mountains or the for- 
ests, and roams abroad, 
making the very earth 
shake, and the rocks echo 
with his roar. The sound 
is something terrific. It 
begins softly, as if be 
were talking to himself; 
then it gradually rises to 
the loudest and sharpest 
pitch, and dies away again 
into the stillness of the 
night. One who heard it 
often, declares tbat it 
could not possibly be de- 
scribed. The bellowing 
a mad bull is like it, 




ho says, but with this 
difference, "that it ap- 
peared to be to the lion's 
roar what the report of a 
pistol might le to that of 
a cannon, or even less." 

When the people of 
Algeria hear it drawing 
M'arer and nearer, they 

lit fires, which are seen 
1 timing from a great dis- 
tance across the plains and 
the men and women and 
lalf-wild dogs of the 
Arab douars begin shout- 
ing and shrieking and 
bowling together, to scare 
him away. But all that 
unearthly clamor seems as 
nothing to the lion's roar; 
and very often, without 
taking the least notice of 
it, he pursues his path 
a id goes in amongst the 
/umirs. Round each 
ib 'fir, or collection of 
' tits, is a fence of prickly 
p'ants, six or 'seven feet 
high. < >yer this the lion 
•filings as easily as your 
c t leaps over a garden 
b ndur. lie dojs not in- 
terfere with the people if 
thi'y (In nut interfere with 
him; but he rushes in 
amongst the cattle, and 
Seizes a raw. If he: can 
net out no other way, he 
has been known to fling 
the animal across his 
shoulders, and leap out 
over the harrier again 
under the ponderous 
weight. Truly his "sin 
cws" arc "like to ban 





14 



cr tj "V e nsr i Xj ei iustbtjctob. 



'« 




of iron." The cow or ox is intended for his supper, all for one 
meal, and often he leaves very little of it. Sometimes, instead 
of attacking the douars, he lies hidden somewhere on the road 
that the cattle will take when they are led to water, or he 
comes suddenly into the midst of the herd while they are grazing 
on a hill-side, and chases the fattest passively before him away 
to his lair, for he is remarkably fond of beef. As for men, he 
abstains from takins them, if they do not attack him, or try to 
defend their property. But the Arabs cannot afford to lose by 
his ravages; and when day after day they find themselves 
becoming poorer and poorer, they join in expeditions against 
the lion that is harassing the neighborhood. Frequently, before 
they have succeeded in killing him, he has left some of them 
frightfully mutilated or dead. They tell— what we should call 
a cruel trait of the lion's character — how sometimes he has 
seized one of them, and then let him go, only to run a little 
distance and be under his great claws as securely as ever, playing 
with the unfortunate man as a cat does with a mouse. 

Algeria, you must know, belongs to France, and French 
soldiers are always stationed there. Some years ago there was 
a very brave man amongst them, Jules Gerard. He had heard 
of the miseries brought on many Arab families, some of whom 
had fallen victim s to the lion, while their cattle were being 
carried away, and their homes made poor. He received leave 
of absence from his commander, and went from place to place 
exterminating these kings of the forest. Whenever word was 
sent to hiin that there was a lion in the neighborhood of a 
village, or making a mountain-pass dangerous, or attacking tie 
animals on their way to the water courses, he would go to the 
place named, and wait for the lion — wait to kill him, taking 
his gun, and going to the mountain or forest, as it might be, 
alone in the darkness "f night. Thus he rid the country of a 
number of lions; and the grateful Arabs regarded him, truly 
enough, as the bravest of men. 

We extract, the following from the "Life and Adventures" of 
the "Lion Killer." He says: 

"Soon after this I heard loud and heavy steps on the leaves 
which covered the ground, and the rustlings of a huge body 
through the trees bordering the glade. It was the lion himself 
leaving his lair, and ascending toward us without suspecting 
our presence. 

"Bonaziz and the saphi were already shouldering their guns. 
I then pointed out to them with my foot a lentise some paces 
behind me, telling them not to stir from that spot until the end 
of the drama, a command which they did not fail to obey. 
Indeed, I must give these worthy fellows much credit for per- 
sisting in staying by me, notwithstanding their extreme terror; 
for ju.k'e as you please, I for my part think it no mean courage, 
when you have your doubts about the success of an adventure 
to accept the passive part of the spectator and to remain unmoved 
on the scene of action. 

"The lion was still ascending ; I could now measure the distance 
which separated me from him, and could distinguish the regular, 
rumbling sound of his heavy breathing. I then advanced a few 
paces nearer to the edge of the glade, where I expected him to 
appear, in order to have a chance of shooting him closer. I 
could hear him advancing at thirty paces, then at twenty, then 
at fifteen; still I felt no fear. All I thought was, suppose he 
was to turn back ! Suppose he does not come out into the 
glade! And at each sound which showed him nearer tome. 
my heart beat louder, in a complete rapture of joy and hope. 

"One anxious thought crossed my mind. What if my gun 
were to miss fire? thought I, glancing down upon it. Butconfi 
dence again prevailed, and my only anxiety was for the long 
died for appearance of my !i>u. 



•The lion after a short pause, which seemed to me an age, 
began to come forward again, and presently I could sec before 
me, by the sturlight, at but a few paces off, the top of a small 
tree, which I could almost touch, actually shaken by the contact 
of the lion. This was his last pause. There was now between 
us but the thickness of that single tree, covered with branches 
from the foot upwards. 

"I was standing with my face to the wood, and with my gun 
pointed, so as to be ready to fire the moment the animal should 
enter the glade; and having still an interval of about a second, 
I took advantage of it to make sure that I could regulate pro- 
perly the aim of my barrel. Thanks to a slimmer of light which 
came from the west, to the clearness of the sky filled with the 
shining stars, and to the whiteness of the glade, which was 
conspicuous against the dark green of the forest, I just could 
see the e^ of my barrels — that was all — but it sufficed for so 
close an aim. 

"It is scarcely necessary to say that I did not waste much 
time in this investigation. I was beginning to find that the 
animal was rather slow in his motions, and to fear that, instead 
of advancing unsuspiciously, he became aware of my presence, 
and was about to spring over the lentise which separated us. 
As if to justify this fear, the lion gave two or three deep growls, 
and then began to roar furiously. 

"Oh, my fellow disciple of St. Hubert; you who can fee| 
and understand, fancy yourself at night in the open forest 
leaning against a small tree, out of which rises a volley of roars 
enough to drown the noise of thunder itself— imagine yourself 
with only one single shot to fire on this formidable animal, who 
only falls by the merest chance under a single ball, and who 
kills his opponent without mercy if he is not killed himself. 
You can doubtless understand that, had I trusted to strength 
alone, my heart would have failed me ; in spite of my efforts, 
my sight would have become dim and my hand unsteady. 

"Yes, I confess frankly, and without shame, that terrible 
roar made me feel that a man was small indeed in the presence 
of a lion; and without firm will and that absolute confidence 
which I derived from the inexhaustible Source of all power, 1 
believe I should have failed in that awful moment. But this 
strength enabled me to listen to the tremendous voice of my 
enemy without trembling or emotion, and to the end I retained 
a perfect mastery over the pulsatiou of heart, and a full control 
over my nerves. 

"When 1 heard the lion make a last steo, I then moved a 
little aside, and no sooner did his enormous head rise out of the 
wood two or three yards from me, and stop to stare 
at me with a look of wonder, than 1 aimed between the ear and 
the eye, and .slowly pressed the trigger. 

"From the instant I touched this until I heard the report of 
the gun, my heart ceased to beat. After the shot I could see 
nothing; but through the smoke which enveloped the lion I 
heard the most tremendous, agonizing, and fearfully protracted 
roar. 

"My two men meantime, jumped up, but without making a 
step forward, and unable to see any thing, stood with their 
guns shouldered, ready to fire. For myself, I waited, dagger 
in hand and one knee on the ground, until the smoke dispersed, 
and I could see how matters stood. 

"As soon as all was clear, I beheld, first, a paw, and heavens 
what a paw ! then a shoulder, then the head, and at last the 
whole body of my enemy. He lay on his side and gave not the 
smallest sign of life." 

In our next number we will give our readers a picture of 
Jules Gerard, and an interesting account of his pet lion, 
Hubert. 





J" TJ "V" IE 1ST I L E IITSTBUCTOE,. 



15 




mttitn 



BY O. M. O. 



ANCIENT PERU. 




( Continued. ) 

Garoilazo de la Vega, the son of a Spaniard and Nusta, 
grand-daughter of the Inca, Tupac Yupanqui, was born at 
Cuzco in 1540. He lived in Cuzco without education until 
nearly twenty years of age, "his intellectual development being 
confined" says Baldwin, "to the instruction necessary to make 
him a good Catholic." He left Peru at this early age for 
Spain, never to leturn, and devoted his life seeking distinction 
as a soldier, but failed. When nearly sixty he commenced 
writing his history of Peru, "Cornrnentarios Reales," his 
materials being his own recollections, gleaniugs'from Spanish 
writers, and what he had learned from his mother. The first 
part of his history was published in 1609, when he was nearly 
seventy years old. "Baldwin says, "It can readily be seen 
that Garcilazo's history, written in this way, might have a cer- 
tain value, while it could not be safely accepted as an author- 
ity." His work, however, has acquired a great reputation, and 
has been regarded as the highest authority on all things relating 
to anciint Peru and the glorificatiou of the Incas and their 
times. We will give our readers a sketch of this history, and 
then follow a more correct and able writer. Montesinos. 

According 'o Garcilazo's version of the Peruvian annals, the 
rule of the Incas began with the mythical Manco Capac, and 
lasted over five hundred years. Manco Capac and his sister 
Mama Ocllo first made their appearance in Peru in the valley 
bordering on Lake Titicaca. He was noble in person and elo- 
quent in speech. The natives, charmed with his persuasive 
address and gentle teachings, soon submitted to his laws, gave 
up their wild pursuits and applied themselves to the tillage of 
the soil. While Manco taught the men how to clear the 
ground, sow seed, make ditches and irrigate the earth, Mama 
Oclla instructed the women how to spiu the llama wool and 
weave it into cloth. When this work was fully under way, the 
new ruler built the city of Cuzco. Here the royal palace was 
built and the great temple dedicated to the sun. After 
organizing his capital, Manco, in the name of the sun, set out 
to look after the tribes surrounding him. He devoted several 
years to this political and religious aim, spreading sun worship 
and acquiring subjects and territory. This mysterious "son of 
the sun" began to reign in 1021, A. D., and died in 1062, hav- 
ing reigned forty years. He was followed by his son Sinchi-Rocca, 
who reigned thirty years, from 1062 to 1091. The great tem- 
ple begun by Manco was finished during this monarch's reign. 
Lloque- Yupanqui reigned thirty-five years, from 1091 to 1126. 
It is to this emperor that historians attribute the decoration of 
the temple so lavishly, with gold and silver exacted from the 
obedient tribes, and used force instead of persuasion in extend- 
ing his realm. He set up the first astronomical observatories 
in the empire. His reign was also distinguished for the excel- 
lence of the people in poetry, literature, music and other 
sciences. May ta-Capac, son of Lloque, was the fourth Iuca, 
reigning thirty years, from 1 126 to 1 156. His period is chiefly 
remarkable for the discovery of the ruins of Tiahuauaco, the 
invention of suspension bridges and the addition of provinces 
to the empire. Capac- Yupanqui, the fifth emperor, reigned 

rty-one years. He followed his father's career of conquest, 



extending his dominion to the Pacific coast. He died in 1197, 
and was succeeded by the Inca Rocca, who reigned fifty-one 
years; from 1197 to 1249. He subjugated tribes north of Cuzco, 
and founded schools of science, music and literature. Yahuar 
Capac, the seventh Inca, reigned forty years, from 1249 to 
1289, and made conquests like his predecessors. During his 
absence on an expedition his son started a revolt, but it was 
suppressed with great slaughter by the king, he pillaging his 
his own capital, Cuzco, which was held by the insurgents. He 
was, however, subsequently defeated by his son and compelled 
to abdicate. It was in his time that guano was first used for 
agricultural purposes by the Peruvians. After dethroning his 
father, Viracoca ascended the throne and reigned fifty-one 
years, from 1289 to 1340. His period is distinguished for the 
extension he gave to agriculture, the aqueducts he built and 
the canals he constructed for irrigation. He also built several 
temples to the sun. It was during this reitrn that the visits of 
inspection began, which the Incas were afterwards accustomed 
to make to all parts of the empire. His son, Inca Urco, ruled 
eleven days, and was then deposed "as a fool, incapable of 
governing," and another son, Titu-M incoCapac-Pachacutee, 
reigned sixty years. This emperor broke through the old rule 
constraining the royal rulers to marry a sister, and took to wife 
a noble lady of the people. He made many conquests in war, 
and made many additions to the dress, among others the use 
of cotton. The designs woven in the cotton stuffs of this 
period are described as being marvelously delicate and beauti- 
ful. The art of pottery attained great perfection, and works 
in gold and silver filagree, representing flowers in bloom, birds 
with their tails spread and shaped to burn perfumes, statu- 
ettes, etc., are among the curiosities of this reign. Tradition 
says this emperor lived to be one hundred and three years old. 
His reign commenced in 1340 and ended in 1400. The tenth 
emperor was Yupanqui, who reigned thirty-nine years, from 
1400 to 1439. He extended the limits of the empire, and com- 
pleted the adornment of the temple of the sun. His peculiar 
fancy was to collect the wild beasts of the forert, birds, snakes, 
etc., for which he constructed four large buildings. Tupac 
Yupanqui reigned thirty-six years, from 1439 to 1475. To him 
is ascribed the building of that remarkable fortress, Sacsahua- 
inan, which the old Spanish historians mention as the eighth 
wonder of the world, and which modern writers are not slow 
to praise. Huayna Capac, the twelfth Inca, the "most glor- 
ious of them all," reigned fifty years, from 1475 to 1525. The 
chief wonder of his reign was the marvelous chain of gold he 
caused to be made on the occasion of his son's first hair-cutting. 
The links of this cnain were as large as the rings on a common 
ox-yoke, and in length nearly eight hundred yards. It begirt 
the great square of Cuzco. The chain, it is said, was thrown 
into Lake Mohina, when the Spaniards invaded the country. 
This emperor first beheld the Spaniards on the coast. It is 
said he was at Sechura and saw Balboa tacking past in his 
caravel. It is also said that on his deathbed he predicted that 
strangers sent by Pachacamac (the Deity) would possess the 
country and put an end to the dynasty of the Incas. After his 
death the empire was divided between his two sons, Iluascar 
and Atahuallpa. This caused a civil war, which ended with 
the death of Huascar in 1532. Atahuallpa, then resting at 
Caxamarca, saw himself in fancy the sole monarch of a mighty 
state, when Pizarro and his companions suddenly appeared on 
the scene. This consummate scoundrel arraigned the Inca as 
a fratricide and condemned him to be burnt alive. This was 
commuted, however, on condition of baptism. This the Inca 
consented to, and was baptized and then garrotted May 3, 1532. 
(To be Continued. ) 





16 



JTJYEN"ILE INSTRUCTOR 







BY C. R. SAVAGE. 




CHAPTER TWO. 

OUR tramp now informed us that we must learn to "cadge ' 
in other words to beg from door to door. He told us the 
world owed us a living, and it was nothing but right that we 
should get it in the easiest possible manner. He said if wc 
would pitch the right kind of a tune, we could make nearly 
everybody dance to our music; to be plain, he said, we must 
knock at each door, pull a long face, and, having a carefully 
prepared story ready for different persons, we could "bleed" 
anybody. 

"Should an old lady come to the door, tell her," said he, 
"that you are a poor orphan boy, without home or friends, 
and have had nothing to eat for twenty-four hours. The 
story must be told in a whining tone, and, should they slam 
the door to, abruptly, push your foot suddenly between the 
door and door frame. Keep up your whine, and you will rarely 
fail. In case a man should come to answer your knock, vour 
tone must be changed; you must merely enquire the road to 
the next tnwn, and, if he should li>ten, say that you are going 
to try and find your father, who has gone off and left your 
mother without means, and with a large family on her hands, 
and that you are hungry, and tired with walking. A little 
practice will enable you to get up almost any kind of a story 
suited to your circumstances." 

His plan was that he should take care of the means we 
might obtain; and thus the big loafer was to wait for the pro- 
ceeds of our begging, and live upon our efforts. 

It was a long time before we could summon up courage to 
commence business; but hunger knows no law, and we got 
started at begging, with indifferent success at first, but, as 
practice makes perfect, we finally got along tolerably well. 

Sometimes we were peremptorily ordered off; at other times 
the dogs were turned loose upon us; and, occasionally, some 
coarse specimen of humanity would take us by the ear, and, 
after slapping us freely, put us out of the garden or enclosure, 
as the case might be. 

We generally met with good luck when we could see the 
ladies of a household; and, although they were deceived as to 
the nature of our stories, they ci_uld not be as to the fact of 
our being poor little waifs that society had turned its back 
upon. 

Our appearance was by no means prepossessing, and well- 
dressed little boys gave us a wide berth. We were being 
classed by thoughtful people as wicked boys that must have 
been so bad that nobody could do anything with us, and as a 
consequence we had been turned out of our homes. 

Our patron gave us a great deal of encouragement, and said 
we were of thy right stripe; that the three of us could now 
live in "clover," or, otherwise, in good style; that we could 
make enough to avoid sleeping in the station-houses, and 
could enjoy the luxury of a "padding ken," or tramp's board- 
ing house, which, in his estimation, was a step higher in the 
tramp's scale of advancement; for the station-house was the 
last resort of a poor beggar, when he could do no better. 

These station-houses were places provided by the "guardians 
of the poor, "so called, in the South of England, for the poor, 
miserable outcasts who had no shelter when night came on. 
This class generally consisted of poor creatures whose senses 
were sold to the demon Intemperance; who had grown oblivious 



to all sense of decency, and were g'ad to get any place to sleep 
in, even though it was only a slanting board, with the head 
raised a little higher than the feet. In the morning they 
would get a pound of dry bread each, to keep them alive, for 
which they were compelled to break stones for the public high- 
way, to the full value. As this operation meant work, our 
tramp didn't like it; and hence he viewed with feelings of 
pleasure the prospect of being able to escape this sore trial. 

By dint of continued effort we had accumulated quite a store 
of eatables and some little money. The latter article was not 
considered a safe thing for boys to have, and, as a consequence, 
it was taken charge of by our dear friend, into whose clutches 
we had consigned ourselves. 

His code of honor was well defined. If we could not get a 
living by asking for it we could do the other thing — help our- 
selves; but as the latter operation was attended with some 
ri:-k, it was well to avoid it when we had not got a good chance. 
But he was careful not to directly tell us to steal; he had not yet 
made up his mind as to how far he could trust us. 

Night wore on; the first day of our apprenticeship to the 
scoundrel, was drawing to a close. A mile or two farther on 
would bring us to a little town where we would have good 
quarters and see life. If I remember rightly, that little town 
was Wickham, in Hampshire, England. 

The miserable specimen of humanity to whom we had con- 
fided ourselves for safe keeping now began to brag of what he 
could do for us: he would find a number of his friends where 
we were going, to whom he would introduce us, and he would 
let us see how he could provide for our advancement, and show 
us "a thing or two." 

The shades of evening had fallen upon us as we entered the 
"Traveler's Joy," a dirty and uninviting kind of an inn, in a 
little back street, in the aforesaid town. A bar was fitted up 
with a kind of pump with three or four handles, and stout of 
any quality called for could be obtained, no doubt from the 
same well. Huge barrels, nicely painted, were marked — 
"Gin," "Brandy," "Bum," etc. Our tramp, after introduc- 
ing himself, called for a pot of "half and half," and quickly 
disposed of it. This was paid for out of our little store; but 
as our little stomachs were weak, he was afraid to offer us any; 
it might have made us sick — he was so thoughtful. He kindly 
introduced us as two young friends of his who were going up 
to London under his charge. What he said to the landlord 
on the sly, I do not know, but he said enough to convince rue 
that he was rather playing double; but of course we had to 
make the best of our bargain. 

Mine host looked like the celebrated Teuton who, it is said, 
got up in the morning a beer barrel and went to bed at night 
a barrel of beer. He looked equal to any dirty work he might 
be called upon to do, in a quiet way; for while it was necessary 
to keep up a certain appearance of respectability to the general 
publia, to the patrons of his "ken" he was one of them. 

From the bar a passage way led to the rear; and we entered 
a large room, smelling strongly of all sorts of eatables. Around 
a large kitchen fire all sorts of cooking was going on. The 
"cadgers" were out in full force; and as each of them turned 
out his stores of "grub," you might have seen enough to feed 
fifty or sixty stout hungry men. Our stock was no mean 
accumulation — bread, mustard, pieces of beef, mutton, fish, 
etc., all mixed up. The sorting process was next gone into; 
and then followed supper — some of the occupants had done 
well; they, of course spurned the scraps for a beefsteak with 
onions, served up by a one-eyed cook, who was on hand to 
wait upon the aristocrats. 





J" TJ "V IE ILST I Xj e ifsteuctor 



17 



Talk about aristocracy, you can find it everywhere; even the 
chimney sweep, who used to crawl up chimneys by pressing 
with his back and knees against the flue, was looked down 
upon by the aristocratic sweep who possessed a patent machir.e, 
just in the same way that the man who sells goods behind a 
counter regards the merchant who trarups from door to door 
as his inferior. 

Two or three fellows in this motley crowd, in sailor garb, 
had been singing and shouting all day through the streets 
some old ditty that smelt strongly of salt water; and when 
they got merry after supper, could not retrain from singing 
more. A few words of the song still linger in my memory: 

"That very night the gale came on; 

Our ship from her anchor away did-a-run." 

One of these sailor tramps had but one eye, and a great 
black patch over the blind side of bis face; another one had 
only one arm; and the third a wooden leg. They were indeed 
a queer trio, but their misfortunes n>ade good capital for them. 
I could almost say with perfect confidence that they had lost 
their limbs in a drunken brawl and had never been on salt 
water in their lives. 

Another character attracted my attention. He had on a 
paper hat, folded square, and a white apron. He was a stock- 
ing-weaving tramp, that used to go through the streets with a 
machine, trying to sell stockings, and exciting sympathy by 
pretending to weave in the streets for a living. The novelty of 
the machine attracted attention, and a diligent confederate 
would be selling the stockings he pretended to weave with the 
machine, but which were in reality bought ready made, and 
proved generally to be of the poorest kind. 

Other characters filled up the picture, and the medley of 
noise and confusion made our little heads whirl. A woman 
with a squeaky voice wanted us to go with her and her man. 
The delightful pair used to sing religious hymns in the streets, 
with four or five children, spread out across the street. They 
generally selected a wet day for their free concert. Of course 
the children were hired to look doleful, like Dickens' patent 
mourners in Oliver Twist. They said they were doing well, and 
offered us plenty to eat and drink. 

A tall specimen of humanity had about ten feet of the songs 
of the day on a sheet. He was offering three yard.-, in length of 
songs for a penny. Another one had a painted board on the 
end of a pole about six feet long, on which was depicted some 
horrible murder, with all the sickening detail.-', in six sections. 
This man seemed very flush with money, as he was treating 
the rest to beer very freely. The particulars commanded a 
ready sale. That horrible sign board is before me in my imag- 
intion now; the murderer is cutting up the body and burying 
it in a cellar. 

This blood red literature was geneia'ly garnished with a copy 
of verses that told immensely with the gaping crowd. Many 
others were pointed out to me and my chum, Tom Fairchild, 
for that was his name, as showing how to get on in the world. 

I need hardly say that the impression made upon me was 
unfavorable. The first feeling of fear as to the course 1 was 
pursuing began to creep into my mind. I readily know now 
that the monster who held us looked upon us as a means to 
help him to live, as he admitted we were very successful, and 
thought by spinning around us a web of fancied meat future 
prospects he could entrap us and hold us fast. 

Towards ten or eleven o clock the crowd began tn g ■'- very 
noisy, and some of them pretty drunk and quarrelsome; the 
worst features of their natures commenced to show themselves, 

nd we began to get afraid. We were pointed to a dirty little 



mattress in the corner of a room up a rickety stair; and in 
the same chamber others were trying to sleep on a like accom- 
modation. Now and then a drunken tramp would come into 
the room and wake up the rest by tumbling first over one and 
then another. The poor little runaways were nearly frightened 
to death, for awful oaths and imprecations were freely used, 
and at one time I thought there would be bloodshed, but 
perhaps I was frightened. 

Tired and weary we closed our eyes upon such a scene, and 
forgot all; and while I now write, I endorse with all my heart 
the sentiment that one-half the world does not know how the 
other half lives. 

The boys and girls of Utah, who have never beheld like scenes, 
do not know the crucial test that the rising generation in large 
cities are put to. In this blessed western world, poverty, spring- 
ing from over crowded cities, is not known. Any manor boywith 
ambition can rise; but there, in order to do so, he has to lift a 
weight that frightens the most of them, and they drift into the 
maelstrom of vice, and sink to rise no more. 

Let us draw the veil over the "Travelers' Joy" and its 
inmates, for the night, and *ee what the morning sun brings 
forth in our next chapter. 




SUUDAY LESSONS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



OS THK HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LKSSOK XXVI. 



Q. — Were the promises fulfilled? 

A. — Yes. 

Q. — In what way? 

A.— They went into the woods and prayed to the Lord. 

Q. — What did they pray for/ 

A. — They asked the Lord to show them the plates, etc. 

Q — How did the Lord answer their prayer? 

A. — An angel of the Lord brought the plates and turned over 
the leaves, one by one. 

Q. — What else did they see' 

A. — TLey saw the breastplate, the sword of Laban and the Urim 
and Thummim. 

Q. — What ih n did the Lord require thtm to do? 

A.— The Lord required them to bear record of what they^had 
seen and heard. 

Q.— Where can their record or testimony be found? 

A.— Oh the first page of the Bo< k ot Mormon. 

Q. — Are there any other witnesses to the truth of the Book of 
Mormon. 

A.— Yes. 

Q. — How many'' 

A.— Eight. 

Q.— Where is their record to be found? 

A. -On the first page also of the Buok of Mormon. 

O.— What is the testimony of these eight witnesses? 

A.— That Joseph showed them the plates and they handled 
them. 

Q.— How many witnesses in all testified to the truth of tho 
Bonk of Mormon. 

A.— Twelve, including Joseph Smith, the Prophot. 



MANLINESS. — Learn from the earliest days of your experi- 
ence to insure your principles against ridicule. You can no 
more exercise your reason if you live in perfect dread of 
laughter than you can enjoy your life if you live in the con 
stanl fear of death. If you think it right to differ from the 
limes, do it. however rustic, antiquated, or pedantic it may 
appear; do it, not for insolence, but seriously and grandly. 





18 



CTTT'VEIIN-ILIE] IUSTBUOTOR. 




^fh$ ||uucnil^ |(njitrui:i0t[< 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 





SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 1876. 
EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 

T is very frequently a subject of remark 
among persons who are not of our faith 
that there is something most unaccount- 
ably strange in the calm serenity — almost 
indifference — wi.h which the Latter day 
Saints regard the efforts that are being 
made at the present time by their enemies 
to rob them of their liberties and destroy 
them as a people. Viewing it from their 
standpoint, it is indeed strange that a little 
handful of people, as the Latter-day Saints are, 
compared with those antagonistic to them, 
should be so reckless and fool-hardy as to enter- 
tain a belief in and practice a form of religion 
which is objected to by not only those who bear rue 
in the land, but also by the world at large. And, 
that they should look placidly on at the efforts of 
their enemies when, to all human appearance, 
nothing can prevent them from having their property con- 
fiscated, and from being imprisoned and punished, seems doubly 
strange. Yet to the faithful Latter-day Saiut, who views 
things by the light of the Spirit of God, the almost super- 
human efforts that are made by our enemies from time to time 
to bring trouble upon God's people and effect the overthrow 
of His work furnish no cause for alarm. Though, numeri- 
cally, we are not to be compared with those who oppose us, we 
know that so long as our course is approved by God we have 
nothing to fear. 

Every true Latter-day Saint, who lives his religion as he 
ought to, possesses an inward consciousness of the sanction and 
approval of God, that enables him to view with complacence 
the workings of the various schemes of Satan and his host of 
emissaries here upon the earth, and listen to their threats and 
menaces, unmoved by fear. 

The only thing we need concern ourselves about is whether 
we are living our religion as we should, or whether we arc 
disregarding the requirements of the gospel and allowing iniquity 
to exist in our midst; because, if the latter be the case we may 
expect to be scourged — we may expect to have to suffer at the 
hands of our enemies. However, if such should be the case, 
it wou'd not be that our enemies cause would be right and ours 
wrong, but rather that our acti ins were deserving of punishment, 
and that God suffered them to prevail for a sjason to serve His 
righteous purposes. 

If we depended upon our own piwer, and did not feel that we 
had some claim upon the protection of God, that calmness and 
sense of security which ever exists in our midst could not be 
found. 

There has been no period since our Church has been organ- 
ized, when our enemies have entirely ceased their efforts to 
destroy us, and when they have not flattered themselves that 
their work was almost accomplished. And many times too the 
Lord has suffered them to hedge up the way of the Saints until 
nothing but the miraculous power of the Almighty could save 
them, as if it were to test the faith of His people; but in no 
instance has that power failed to deliver them. 



The strongest possible efforts are being made at the present 
time by the enemies of the Saints, to effect legislation to de- 
prive them of their rights and liberties, and effectually break 
up the institutions of their religion; but we know that all 
their efforts will be futile so long as it is not the design of God 
that such should be the case. What an easy matter it would 
be for Him to divert the attention of Congress from the subject 
or to influence the members in our favor. This could all be 
done quite naturally, as it has been done in the past. Or, if 
necessary, He could work in our favor by a means which the 
philosophers of the world would not consider so natural; as we 
know that in some instances He has done. We will give an 
instance of this: 

At the time when the Saints were being expelled from their 
homes in Mauvoo, Illinois, after those who were able to do so 
had crossed the river and taken their journey westward, and 
but a few were left, and many of them in a sick and helpless 
condition, a large force of the blood-thirsty mob came upon 
and besieged the city, with the evident intention of exter- 
minating the inhabitants. The Saints defended themselves as 
best they could, but their weapons were few and very inferior, 
and when they had mustered their forces they did not number 
more than about one to every fifteen of the mob, who were well 
armed. To all human appearance, resistance against such odds 
would seem rash and vain; yet they could hope for nothing 
from surrender to such an enemy, for it would likely have been 
death to the men and worse than death to the helpless women. 
Trusting in the power of God to aid them, the Saints offered 
the best defense they could, and were so successful that the 
mob were finally glad to raise the siege. But nothing could 
convinoe the fifteen hundred desperate men that composed the 
enemy's forces that they were opposed by not more than about 
seventy-five men, aided by a few women and boys. Some of 
the mob afterwards declared that they saw thousands of men 
in the "Mormon" camp; and no doubt the Lord magnified the 
little force of His faithful servants in the eyes of their enemies, 
to produce the desired effect. 

Scores of instances might be enumerated in which the power 
of God has been manifested in behalf of His Saints as signally 
and as opportunely as in the case cited. We know on whom 
we depend. We know that God has the power to save us; 
and that though all the world should oppose us, with God on 
our side we have a great majority in our favor. 



JAPANESE CUSTOMS. 



OUli little readers will think the tea party which is repre- 
sented in the picture on our next page rather a curious 
affair and, indeed, the Japanese are a very curious people. 
Instead ot having comfortable chairs to sit upon, and a table 
to set the various dishes of their food upon, they place their 
dishes and pots of rice, fish, fowl, tea, or whatever else they are 
goinc to eat or drink, on the floor, and then squat on the floor 
themselves, in a circle around the food, as we see them pictured 
in the engraving, something after the manner of our native 
Indians. There is this difference, however, between their man- 
ner of eating and that of the Indians: the Japanese eat with 
chop-sticks, such as we may see two of the figures in the pic- 
ture using, which is a style that would not be likely to suit the 
Indians, nor us, either, for that matter. 

But it is not only in their manner of eating, that the Japan- 
ese differ from the people of most other nations; but also in 
their appearance, in their dress, and in their customs. The 
following description, given by Chambers, will convey to our 





CTTT^rZEZCTILIE I1TSTRT7CTOR 




readers a very cor- 
rect idea of this 
curious people: 



'The 



complex 





ion of the Japan- 
ese varies from a 
deep copper color 
to the fairness of 
western nations, 
but is more fre- 
quently of a light- 
olive tint. Their 
mental and moral 
characteristics are 
a proud, sensitive, 
and somewhat vin- 
dictive disposition, 
punctilious notions 
of honor, together 
with pride of birth; 
and they are gen- 
erally described as 
a friendly race, 
good-humored, 
contented, indus- 
trious, intelligent, 
brave, frank, man- 
ly, energetic and 
polite, with the 
exception, howev- 
er, of the military, 
feudal, and official 
caste. The town 
costume of the 
Japanese gentle- 
man consists of a 
loose silk robe, ex- 
tending from the 
neck to the ankles, 
but gathered Id at 
the waist, round 
which is fastened 
a girdle of bro- 
caded silk. Over 
this is worn a loose, 
wide-sleeved jack- 
et or spencer, dec- 
orated with the 
wearer's armorial 
device. A cylin- 
drical cap, made 
of bambo ) and 
silk, white stock- 
ings, and neat 
straw sandals, 
complete the 
attire. Trousers 
are only worn by official persons on occasions of special ceremony. 
A head entirely shaven is the distinctive mark of priests and 
the higher class of medical practitioners, in others, the hair 
is shaved off about three inches in front, combed up from the 
back and sides, and glued into a tuft at the top of the head, 
where it is coufined by pins of gold or tortoise-shell. The 
hair of the wom^n is more abundant, but otherwise their dress 
very much resembles that of the men. In the country, a short 






f- 
< 



cotton gown is often the only clothing, and the lower classcc go 
almost in a State of nudity. The men arc generally elaborately 
tatooed over the greater part ot the body with figures of men 
and women, bright-blue dragons, lions, tigers, etc. The women 
have a mania for painting and powdering their skin. * 
The social position of women is. in some respects, more 
favorable than in most pagan countries. The ladies of Japan 
however, live in strict seclusion, and little is known about th 





( JT7^7"ETSTXX--E I1TSTE/UCTOR. 



The marriage ceremony is an important part of social etiquette; 
the families of both bride and bridegroom meet and celebrate 
the event. Saki flows abundantly, and great feasting and 
hilarity prevail. When a maiden marries, her teeth are black- 
ened, her eyebrows plucked out, and artificial ugliness is hence- 
forth cultivated to the greatest possible extent. 

The bath is a great institution in Japan. Men and women 
bathe together, with a perfect absence of decorum, but without 
sense of immodesty. The social position of every man is 
fixed by his birth. Men of rank only are allowed to enter 
a city on horseback. 

The Japanese also have a very curious custom of burying 
their dead. The body is placed in a sitting posture, with the 
hands folded in the attitude of devotion; and the coffins are 
all circular in form. Over the grayes they place monuments 
of granite, elaborately carved, which in many instances are 
beautiful specimens of architectural taste. 



^larie^ J^iti mta^* 



BY J. L. BARi'OOT. 




OUR 11 AIL ROADS. 

IT seems almost as something prophetic when we read the 
Memorial to Congress for the construction of a Grand 
Central Railroad to the Pacific coabt, dated as it is from this 
Territory, by our Legislature, March 3, 1K52. 

What a small community to ask for such a big thing! 
What prescience, too, is foreshadowed in that memorial ! 
Salt Lake City had only been founded in the fall of ls-tT, 
when, with four hundred for a population, they built the 
''Old Fort'' on the site of the ten-acre lot now known as the 
"Old Fort Block," in the Sixth Ward of this city. There the 
flag of our country, the stars and stripes, waved proudly on 
soil then belonging to Mexico. Along the western side of 
that block now runs the locomotive of the Utah Southern 
Railroad, whence it is stretching itself southward through our 
southern settlements, and will eventually wind its way to San 
Diego and the Pacific coast. 

And proudly, too, may our youth look back upon that early 
period, and review the doings of their fathers. It is well to 
drink in the spirit that animated them and gave rise to that 
memorial, and the noble sentiments it contains. Many of 
the men who took part in the doings of those days have passed 
away from this busy scene; those who remain may compla- 
cently let memory recur to those early times when Providence 
was using them, as He is this people to-day. to bring to pass 
His purposes. 

One sentiment which stands forever recorded in that mem- 
orable document will be commented upon when we too are 
gone behind the veil, as an evidence of exalted philanthropy. 
Among a host of reasons given for a trans-continental railway 
stands one worthy to be written in letters of gold: 'Hhe road 
herein proposed would be a perpetual chain, or iron hand, 
vihicli wov/d effectually hold together our glorious Union with 
an imperishable identity of mutual interest." That this ex- 
pression is as true as all the other noble sentiments contained 
in this memorial to Congress, will be verified as surely as the 
others have been. 

Seventeen years after this memorial was prepared, in May, 
869, President Brigham Young broke the ground for the 



Utah Central Railroad at Ogden. The following September 
track-laying commenced towards Salt Lake City, and on the 
10th of January, 1 870, the last tie was laid and the last spike 
was driven by President Young, at the Depot in this City, in 
the presence of 15,000 people. And the work of making 
railroads did not terminate with this; from the Depot of the 
U. C. R. R. the Utah Southern Railway has extended and is 
still exteuiling south. Westward a railway already brings us 
in communication with our grand central sea, the Great Salt 
Lake. In addition, branch lines are connecting from every 
canyon with the great trunk lines so auspiciously commenced. 
From Ogden we have a line extending through our northern 
settlements into Idaho, and gradually pushing its way to other 
Territories. And with railroad extension into our canyons 
the coal and the iron are being developed. In our southern 
counties coke-making and suitable coal for smelting is abun- 
dant; and in the progress of events, that are hurrying along 
with a rapidity never before known, there is no doubt what- 
ever that iron will be made as it is required to be, in immense 
quantities. 

This will be a country of railroads, branching out and 
extending through this entire continent. With the telegraph 
and railroads the people are brought together; distance is now 
measured by time rather than by space. And if the efforts of 
the fathers of the rising generation in this Territory did not 
accelerate the formation and development of the railroads and 
their appliances, we have at least the proud satisfaction of 
knowing that their words have been verified and are still being 
fulfilled, as expressed in that grand old document, the Memo- 
rial to Congress in 1852. 




1H. A1TDEL. 



T don't care how much idea about music George may have; 
1 no boy of mine shall be a mountebank, and a musician is 
pretty much the same thing. Don't talk to me! I'D have no 
idle fiddlers in my family, which has always been respectable!" 
And so Dr. Handel, of the town of Halle, pulled his cocked 
hat well over his nose, gave his big cane a fierce thump on the 
polished oak floor, and went off to visit his patients, rather in 
a temper with his wife, because she had said that it was a pity 
not to let young George learn music properly, as he seemed so 
very, very fond of it, although he had had so little teaching 
— how fond of it she alone knew; for who else could have got 
the child that funny dumb spinnet — a muffled instrument, 
then much used in nunneries, where its strings were all covered 
with strips of cloth, that they might not trouble with melodious 
sounds the pious meditations of the sisterhood. Such a 
d 'testation had the papa for all sorts of music, that he would 
allow no piano in the house. He would not even allow the 
child to be sent to school, or to visit where he would be likely 
to hear any instrument, so fearful was he of encouraging a 
taste he thought low; for in those days even a good musician 
held a very different position to what he would do now-a-days, 
when art is honored and rewarded. And so the little boy used 
to steal up into the cornery attic of that quaint old house, and 
play on the little spinnet that told no tales. There, without 
any teaching or encouragement, he spent long hours alone, 
and by dint of working away — sometimes after everyone else 
was asleep — he at length knew how to play; aud then more 
than ever he felt that he loved music — and games, or books, 
or toys, nothing else had a charm for him. It was a passion, 
a delight. No work was too hard that helped him to under- 
stand its mysteries. 





J"TJ^TElIsriI_,E! I1TSTRT7CTOR 



SI 





One day, when he was seven years old, the whole house 
seemed astir with preparation, and his lather had the child 
brought out of his bed to give him a parting kiss before he 
started for a journey. "But where are you going, papa?" 
asked George; "cannot I go with you?" "I am going to visit 
your step-brother, who is, as you know, valet to the Grard 
Duke, and lives in a palace; so I cannot take you, my dear. 
It would not be conveirent. ' ' The child begged and entreated, 
but all to no purpose. Then he went away to cry, they 
thought. But no; the determined youngster, being dresssd, 
waited till the carriage had started, and set off after it on foot, 
determined to follow it to the Duke's palace; but presently tl e 
doctor, happening to look out of the window saw his little 
boy tramping along the dusty road, evidently intent on follow- 
ing him. So they stopped the vehicle. Georrie was waited 
lor, scolded, and finally taken in, and accompanied his father. 
A very naughty trick you will say: yet one that showed what a 
determined young urchin he already was. Perhaps it was the 
same determinate spirit that made him succeed in the long r' n. 

Once at the palace, the father was taken up so by his elder, 
that he did not trouble about his younger son, who wandered 
about the beautiful grounds. Then he strolled into the chapel, 
where service was being held, and stood, eager-eyed, listening 
to the sacred music — the beautiful anthem that pealed through 
the building. How fine the organ was ! How different to that 
poor spinnet at home! How happy he should be if he could 
see it near; and so, by-and-by, lie strolled up into the organ- 
loft, and, unnoticed, watched the organist. Soon the service 
ended, and the man left the room. The temptation was too 
strong. George could not keep his fingers off. He sat down 
and played, very softly at first ; then he went on playing more 
boldly, forgetful of all except that this glorious instrument 
sounded out his touch, and delighted him. This was the music 
he had dreamed of, at last! 

Now it happened that the Prince Elector, himself a musician, 
had remained in the chapel ; and great was his surprise at 
hearing this new hand on his fine organ. None of his courtiers 
played : who could it be? "Fetch the impertinent intruder in 
stantly!" And at the words the musician was brought, treai- 
bling and rose-red, before him — a pretty curly-he ided boy, very 
frightened, and not quite sure whether they were going to cut 
that curly head off for his presumption. But every one smiled, 
and encouraged him, and the prince drew him to his knee, 
patted his curls, and asked him who had taught him to play 
so well. Then the child told his story — how he loved music 
so very dearly ; how papa would not listen, but said ha must be 
a doctor; how he had taught himself all he knew on the dumb 
spinnet, in the garret, and how the sound and the sight of the 
organ had been too great a temptation. How beautiful it was 1 
Oh, how he wished he could play properly on it! Oh, if he 
could one day be a great musician ! Oh, if papa would consent! 
So talked the child ; and the duke, looking into those brieht 
blue eyes, felt how to help the little pleader. So he sent for 
the father, and talked the good doctor into giving his reluctant 
consent that his boy should be allowed to take lessons from the 
cathedral organist. He even offered to send the child to Italy, 
but that was too much. After all, if a sovereign duke admirtd 
music so much, it might not be such a very bad profession, 
though a doctor's would be much better. And so the boy 
was made happy— allowed to learn all the old fashioned organist 
could teach him of the violin, organ, and hautboy. But the 
master very soon announced that his clever and industrious 
pupil knew all that he could teach him, and more, though all 
this time he had had to study Latin and medicine, in case lie 
should change his mind. 



But I cannot tell you all I should like about Handel— how 
at eleven years old he was received at Berlin as a prodigy by 
all the musical world; before he was fourteen his opera of 
Elmira had been produced at Hamburg, and four more were 
composed before he wa^ eighteen. How hard he worked, and 
how celebrated he became, has become almost a matter of 
h istory . — Selected. 



:f> .^ ir, :e, o t s . 



BY BETH. 



THE yellow-crested Cockatoo is not only a very beautiful, but 
it is also a very intelligent bird. When properly trained, 
it becomes a very good talker. Like the Macaw Parrot, it is 
sometimes very noisy; but it is far less violent in its habits than 
the macaw is. A Cockatoo from Australia was placed in the 
Museum, in this city, for about three months, during which 
time he learned to speak several words in imitation of a green 
paroquet. The gentle manners of the graceful Cockatoo made 
him a great favorite; he would, however, give an exhibition of 
temper at times, when handled by strangers, but towards his 
master he manifested the utmost gentleness and affection. 
No wonder Parrots, generally, are such favorites; they are 
attractive on account of their loquacity, imitating, as they do, 
the human voice; and also because of their gay plumage, which 
in many varieties is exceedingly brilliant and varied. 




THE COCKATOO. 

In the forests of tropical regions the Parrots ire "at home." 
Humboldt describes these birds, surrounded by their noisy 
neighbors, the "howling monkeys," the whistling sapajous, 
and the snorting, grumbling ''striped monkeys." The din of 
these, with the cries of the gnat tiger, the cougar or the 
American lion, the grunting of the peccary and the sloth, and 
the chattering of a host of Parrots gives a good idea of the 
associations ot the Parrot family. No wonder the Parrot is a 
noisy biid! 

To he Continued. 





22 



JUVENILE I1TSTRTJCTOR. 




THIS 



GOLDMAKEBS 
VILLAGE. 

From Chambers' Miscellany. 




( Continued. ) 

OSWALD heard with pain all that the miller had to tell of the 
parish, then shook his head with a dejected air, and went 
away to meditate on the melancholy account. 

On the next. Sunday, after service, the people, as is customary 
in Germany, were assembled under the large lime-trees on the 
green. A weighty matter had drawn them together ; for not 
only had they to consider how they should raise the taxes about 
to be levied, but also how they should make up old deficiencies 
of payment. The head men cfGoldenthal formed the inner 
circb, and around them stood tin women and children to hear 
the result of the consultation. 

Oswald, who had been waiting for an opportunity of address- 
ing his fellow- villagers on the state of affairs, thought he might 
do so now with advantage, and joined the assembly. When the 
overseers and others had done speaking, he mounted a stone, 
and after craving leave to be heard, which was not tefused, he 
spoke as follows: 

•'Dear fellow villagers— I went away a boy to the field of 
battle, and have returned to you a mau. Scarcely can I 
recognize my native village : my heart is pained by the altera- 
tions I find among you. Ouce our village deserved indeed the 
name of Goldi uthal. You know that most of the people were 
once in good circumstances; few were poor, and none were 
beggars : we could lend money then to our neighbors, and had 
none of the anxieties and vexations of debtors: our land was 
well cultivated ; our cottages were neat and clean, inside and 
outside. A Goldenthaier in those good days was a gentleman, 
and could have borrowed a hundred guilders on the bare credit 
of his word. That was the golden age of fioldenthal !" 

Here all the assembly nodded assent, and some exclaimed : 
"Oswald is right for once 1" 

Oswald went on : "Tis not so now! The place should be 
no longer called the Gulden Valley, but rather the valley of dirt 
and thorns and thistles. The blessing of Heaven seems to 
have forsaken our fields ; some have too much land, others have 
too little ; the greater number of you do not improve what you 
have ; you stupefy your senses with incessant smoking, or, what 
is worse, drinking : must of you arc in debts and difficulties ; 
and, being idle, you occupy .yourselves in speaking evil of your 
neighbors. Our village has lost its good character, and is 
now known as one of the most intemperate and badlv behaved 
places in the whole country; and when people wish to call any 
one a good-for nothing wretch, they say he is a Goldenthaier !" 

At these plain w trds there was a muttering of displeasure 
among the hearers, and every brow looked threateningly on 
Oswald. Elizabeth, the miller's daughter, who stood listening 
on the bench before the house, trembled for the perilous 
situation of the too faithful expositor. But he went on : "Men 
of Goldenthal ! if there is still a drop of honorable blood in 
your veins, join your hands and say : "The village shall be 
mended!' Whence comes your ruin? From your taverns. 
There your land melts away in liquor, and your cattle are lost 
in gambling. I ask your parish officers where is the public 
money, or where is your strict account of what you have done 
with it? Why is it that you had rather eat at the public cost 
than drain the parish land, or mend your neck-breaking roads?" 

Here two or three of the official men called out : "Hold your 
tongue, you vagabond ! If you thus go on speaking evil of the 



constituted authorities, we will send you to the lock-up, with 
bread and water for eight- and-forty hours !" 

Oswald, however, went on: "You can put me into your 
prison, no doubt ; but I can also bring you before your superiors. 
And when I tell them a little of your management, you will 
perhaps be less comfortable than I could be with bread and 
water. But I turn to you all, my fellow-villagers ; show me if 
I have spoken falsely, or slandered any person. Ask your 
consciences whether you have done well or ill — whether you 
are notable for honesty and piety, or for indolence, fraud, and 
selfishness. Or, if your consciences have lost their tongues, 
look round you and behold your tumbling houses and sheds, 
your barren fields and gardens, your empty purses and chests, 
your ragged coats and tattered shirts, your destitute-looking 
children — these are my witnesses against you!" 

The preacher would have said more, but he was hurled from 
the stone by the angry crowd. Some would have proceeded to 
violence ; but Oswald thrust himself through the throng, and, 
having armed himself with a weighty cudgel, threatened severe 
punishment to the first who should dare to lay hands upon 
him. Loud outcries of vengeance pursued him homeward, and 
stones were hurled, one of which inflicted a wound upon his 
brow. But he reached his house without further injury, and 
there washed away the blood from his face, bound up the 
wound, and was soon composed and quiet. E izabeth, pale 
and alarmed, came to inquire of his wound ; but he assured her 
it was trifling, and bade her dismiss her fear. 

So ended Oswald's first attempt at reformation ; but he was 
not to be defeated. From the day on which he delivered his 
address, he continued to be the object of many petty persecu- 
tions. One night the boys threw stones at his windows ; another 
night they barked six young fruit-trees in his garden. When 
he complained to the parish-officers of these offences, they 
only told him he had brought ill-will upon himself, and that he 
dc-erved worse than he got. 

Not daunted with want of success in his exhortation, and 
possessicg the ardor of a man convinced of the truthfulness 
of his cause, he now determined on trying to rouse the clergy- 
man to adopt his views. Perhars, thought he, he requires 
only a little coaxing: he has probably been disheartened without 
a proper reason. Oswald accordinely waited on the pastor, 
and as tenderly as possible laid before him the condition of the 
parish, waxing bolder, however, as he proceeded. 

Having stated what he considered his case, the old man 
replied : "You are quite in a mistake coming to me. I have 
nothing to do with the concerns you mention, nor can I mix 
myself up in your business. All the unhappiness of this village 
- is owing to the sinfulness of the people. Taey disregard the 
word of God. They defraud me of my dues in every possible 
way. The long suffering of Heaven cannot endure this much 
longer; and there must surely come a heavy judgment upon 
them." 

"But, sir," said Oswald, "you can do somthing towards the 
reformation of these people. Their lives are vicious, because 
their minds are dark and ignorant. If you would encourage a 
better regulation of the school, the young might grow up well 
informed and with good habits, and we should doubtless reap 
good fruit from such a labor." 

The clergyman answered: "That is the schoolmaster's 
business, not mine ; I have no time for it. I have enough to 
do to study my sermons." 

Oswald still urged his petition : "Sir, I am sorry to have to 
remind you, that if you were a good shepherd, you would be 
bound to care for every one of your flock. If you did but visit 
their abodes, and see how they have habituated themselves 





J" TT "VIE IN" I LIE INSTRUCTOR. 



23 




vice, indolence, and misery ; if you could see the neglected 
children who are growing up in the midst [of so many bad 
examples; if you could" 

Here the old parson, who had been listening impatiently to 
the harangue of his visitor, interrupted him by exclairuinsr : 
"This is intolerable. You, an unlettered man, come here to 
lecture me on my duties! Pray, what do you take me for? 
Do you think I am a police-officer, to be poking about every- 
where ? The flock should themselves attend to their temporal 
concerns. I am a spiritual pastor, and know my place. Get 
along with you; and let me hear no more of such imperti- 
nence!" 

Oswald left the parsonage disappointed. Pretty nearly at 
his wits' end, he bethought him of taking counsel from the 
magistrates of the next town, who had a kind of supervisional 
authority over Goldenthal. Having arrayed himself in his best 
suit, and taken his walking-stick in his hand, he . et out tor the 
neighboring town, where he expected to find good advisers 
and helpers. On his arrival, be waited on the most respectable 
public characters to lay the condition of Goldenthal before then-. 
But the first person he applied to was giving a great dinner, 
and could not attend to the miserable story; another was just 
going to take a walk, anil could not stop; a third was deeply 
immersed in a game of billiards, which required all his thoughts; 
a fourth was reckoning up his accounts, and had no time for 
any other business ; a fifth was about to conduct a lady to the 
dancing- room, and of course could not be interrupted ; the 
sixth, an old gentleman with a white peruke and queue, sitting 
in an easy-chair, looked patronizingly on Oswald ; without 
desiring him to be seated, he heard the story he had to tell of 
the misery of Goldenthal, the bad measures of the parish- 
officers, and the ignorance of the schoolmaster — to all which he 
shook his head very gravely. 

{To be Continued J 




by iiugii Kxorun. 




CHAPTER II. 

HERE we are at last on board of a real ocean steamship. Oh 
dear, what a contrast to the little pleasure toy on Salt 
Lake ! As we roam over the huge monster we become confusf d 
and lose our way; turning and twisting about we give way to 
despair; and truly we might just as well be let loose in a large 
and strange town and then left to find our way. But here 
comes our friend 'Tlugh" he will put ms right. Well, my 
fellow voyagers, as many of you have never before been on 
board a large ship, in fact, I am doubtful that you have ever 
before seen the grand and open ocean, suppose we pull up here 
for a minute, and get our bearings as the sailors say, of this 
big ship. The first thing to consider is its size and capacity, 
its tonnage is nearly 5,000 tons (Now just compare this with 
the General Garfield on our lake at home and then you can 
form some idea of the size of the monster. Why yes, it takes 
nearly sixty-seven of the size of the little fellow to make one 
like this). Its engines are about 1,000 horse power, and its 
average speed about twelve knots (miles) an hour. The vessel 
is divided into three districts: for'ard, midships and aft. In 
the forepart of the vessel is the forecastle, where the sailors 
board and sleep, and adjoining, the eow. sheep and pig p; ns— 
kept very neat and clean; at midship, or middle part, are 



theengines (and huge monsters they are), petty officers' quarters 
and kitchens (here called "galleys):" and adjoining are the 
e^eerage or second cabin passengers' quarters; the upper part 
of the after part of the ship i.s called the "poop," and is used 
as a promenade for the cabin passengers, and below which are 
the saloons and state rooms. The lower part of the ship is 
called "the hold" and is used for stowing away goods etc., here 
called cargo or freight. Now let us seek our cabins and see 
what they are like. What snug and pretty little rooms, every 
convenience, and so nice and clean. But what are these long 
shelves for? You ignoramuses, those shelves, as you call them, 
are your beds, here called "berths," and real nice and comfort- 
able they are, when you get used to them. 

Hark! there is that steam whistle shrieking again, and I am 
su e the vessel is moving; let us hasten on deck. Why, we are 
about leaving the wharf, and all the friends of the passengers 
are rushing on shore, no doubt not wi.-hing to be taken on a 
voyage of a few thousand miles without their consent and 
unknown to their friends on shoie. The captain is now on the 
bridge of the -hip and giving orders to let go the great hawsers 
that have kept the ship secure to the wharf, we are moving 
out into the stream, and si el there is a | owerftil little steamer 
(a ' tug" yen call it?) pulling our big ship along. How the 
little fellow puff* and snorts, and ] alls its big brother along! 

We are new passing down the hay of San Francisco. What a 
beautiful siebt! The city, with the fleet.- of ail kinds of ves - 1 -. 
is on our left, and hu< a most picturesque appearance. Here 
on 'he right is Goat [island, strongly fortified to protect the 
city and barber, and beyond is the beautiful city of Oakland; 
andmil Q sup that gulf is Vallejo (pronounced Yallayo) and 
adjoining is Mare Island, the gnat navy yard. Leek now to 
the !"f't! we have left the city behind us, and are now passing 
the Presidio (a strong military po.-t) and right before us, through 
an opening, we see the mighty ocean. This opening is called 
the Golden Gate, famous in history and song; and as we pass 
through, on our left we see the Cliff Hou-e (a favorite resort 
of the San Franciscans), and with the help of our glasses, 
we see that on the rocks in front of the house are numerous large 
things en ping about What can thev be? Those are sea liens 
in all their glory, in their natn element. They eat, sleep, sport 
and multiply on those rooks without molestation, for the Slate 
has a law prohibiting their destruction. 

How nicely we are moving along! What is the name of 
those little island:- in the distance? Those are the "Faralones," 
the home of immense tleeks of birds, and people go there at 
certain seasons and load their boats wi'h bird's eggs, which 
ttey sell very cheap in San Francisco. Il>« little everything 
lenks on shore, and now they are let to sight and the shore 
looks only like a long dark line en the horizon. Goodness! 
How the ship begins to roll anil pitch, we can hardly stand on 
our feet; but how easy the sailors can run and walk about; 
they don't seem to feel it in the least. Never mind, we will 
soon get used to it, so let us go to the saloon, for the lunch bell 
is ringing. What, you don't feel hungry? Why, how pale 
your face is, what is the matter with you? Yen feel sick, eh? 
Well, well, let us retire to our cabins and turn into bunk, for, 
although some people are exempt from the distressing malady 
of sea-sickness, and laugh at those who suffer from it, still it. 
is no joke and makes us feel very mean anil miserable while 
under its sway. But a tew hours will bring us to ourseh es once 
more and we will be braced up so that we can withstand almost 
anything: and then talk about appetite, why that of an ostrich 
will he nothing to ours, for we shall fool as if we could make a 
meal of a pig of iron, and that a printer's "pi" would be a 
great dainty. 



US 





J" U "V" IE nsr I m. IE UsTSTRTJCTOR 




REJOICING. 



Words f;:om L. D. S. Hymn Book, Pack GS. 
A'o< Too Fust. 



Music bt E. Beesley. 




=t 



i=t- 
-tw- 
o- 



way with our 
hovah 1 



■■^^F^=- 



3=S= ? 






tears! the glad morning appear.-, When an heir of sal 

came, for his glory 1 am, And to him I with 



vation was born, 
singing re - turn. 



J — I 1_| 1 — I — a* 1 1 



ill 




T 



came, for hi 



3=3=: 



am, And to 



glory 



g 

singing re - turn 



^.zsr 



.A DVBITTUE/E 
T .A. IB O C3- A. . 



A.T 



r.v o. M. o. 




(Cnnchi '• ■/. ) 

IN my agitation, and without stopping to think, I caught 
the lady around tha knees an 1 hoisted her from the ground. 
This was all proper enough; hut here my confusion and want 
of presence of mind spoiled the job. I should have waited 
until the in-coming wave bro;e, and. as it rolled back to the 
sea, followed the receding watei; but, bewildered with the 
novel position I was in, I start ei at once for the boat. I saw 
a hugs, wave six feet high rolling in; the lady saw it too, and I 
put in my, best licks to reach the boat. I was not live yards 
from it, when the wave struck me full in the chest, with tre- 
mendous force. I staggered manfully to keep up, but the 
treacherous sand washed from under uiy feet. I reeled, stag- 
gered a::d tottered, and, being top-heavy, over we went, the 
huge sea rolling and tumbling us up the beach. As the 
"under tow" ran back with almost as much force, we were 
carried back with almost equal velocity. I managed to stop 
myself, however, before getting into deep water; and, as soon 
as my eyes were clear of sand and brine, I looked for the lady. 
She was floundering away in the surf, still holding to her 
parasol. I made all haste to the rescue, and was within a few 
feet of her when another roller sent us careening over the 
sand. Again the under tow carried us seaward; and I again 
stopped myself in the sands. Mrs. White was still bobbing 
and kicking in the surf. I made another desperate effort for 
her deliverance, and again I was within a few feet of her, 
when a breaker sent us the third time "kiting" inland. I was a 
good swimmer, and determined now to let the swell take me 
into deep water with the lady, and by that means be close at 
hand, to render assistance to the now almost drowned woman. 
So I let the wave carry me into the sea, and, as soon as I 
could get my head above water, I looked for Mrs. White. 
Fortunately, 1 saw her making tracks at her best speed for dry 
land. She had caught herself in the sand. But. oh! what a 
plight! What a wreck! The starch had washed out of her 
frills, and her clothes clung to her body as tenaciously as pcor 
relations cling to rich uncles. She still retained possession of 
the purple parasol, but it was turned inside out. 



The captain remained in the boat enjoying the fun until he 
saw his wife scampering for dry land, when with a face almost 
as long as his arm he joined her. As soon as she found herself 
safe and ecure, she turned, and, shaking her ruined parasol over 
her head, while her eyes flashed ten thousand daggers at ni", she 
let loose her jaw tackle, and all the English oaths she could 
remember were mixed up with a thousand Spanish curses. 
Could she have got at me, there is no knowing how the aflfair 
would have ended; but luckily for me, she had had enough 
of salt water. The captain waved us off to the hulk, for he had 
no chance to get a word in, and we lost not a moment in 
making ourselves scarce. As long as we remained in sight 
the woman kept up her abuse. 

Louis and I had a good laugh over the affair; and when we 
arrived on board and told it to Daniels, he grinned until his 
red nose turned blue. 

The next day I resigned my position on the hulk. I had 
had enough of ship-keeping and beach-combing to last me the 
rest of my life; but I never take hold of a lady now without 
thinking of my adventure at Taboga; and I always wait until 
the wave has broken before I pitch in. 



CATECHISM. — We have been induced to publish the present 
number without the usual column of "Questions and Answers " 
on the Bible and Book of Mormon, from a conviction that 
most of the Sunday Schools have not been able to make use of 
them as fast as we have published them for a few weeks past. 
They will, however, be continued in our next number. 



vTXJ^^EIsrilL.^] nTSTZR/CTOTOIEL 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERT MONTH. 

GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR. 



TEEMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2,00. 

On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional wdl be charged for Postage. 
^3* Office, South Temple Street, one Muck west of Tabernacle, 
I Salt Lake City, Utah. 




