



VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JULY 3, 18G9. 



NO. 14. 



a?ia:E i^et toe^toisei. 



p-^i 



I 



N our engraving to daj' you have a boy playing witli a pe; I "The animal had its antipathies and predilections. It would 
Tortoise in a garden. In the distance is the statue of a : eat endive, green peas, and even the leek, while it positively 
man on a pedestal. But look at the Tortoise, what a strange | rejected asparagus, parsley, and spinage. In the early part of 
looking creature it is! It lives in a house oi its own, which it [ the season its favorite food was the flowers of the dandelion, 
carries with it wherever it goes, and into which it can with- ! of which it would devour twenty at a meal, and lettuce: of the 
draw itself whenever danger is near. This shell is composed latter a good sized one at a time; but if placed between the 
of horny plates which, on the back, are like a buckler, and lettuce and the dandelions, it would forsake the former for 
are very strong. If one of these plates is knocked off during the latter: it was also partial to the pulp of an orange, which 
f.he li e of the animal, it gradually grows again. If this Tor- it sucked greedily, 
toise, which we see in tho engrav- "About the latter end of June 



ing, were put under the wheel of 
a loaded wagon, av.d it were driv- 
en over it, the animal would not 
be hurt, the shell is so strong. 

The Tortoise leads a quiet life. 
It wanders but little from the spot 
where it was born. In traveling 
it creeps slowly along, and as it 
cannot escape danger by speed, it 
withdraws its head and limbs on 
the approach of an enemy and 
trusts in its natural armor for de- 
fence. The female Tortoise lays 
eggs, which she covers up, and 
they are hatched by the heat of 
the sun. Neither the eggs, nor 
the young ones hatched, are cared i| 
for by the parents. The little ones ■ 
have to shift for theuis Ives. 
They are cold-blooded animals and 
their circulation is weak, and like 
animals of this kind, they are re- 
markable fur their tenacity of life. 
They can not be easily killed, and 
if they are liurt badly, they do n tt 
seem to suffer much. They gen- 
erally live to a great age. Wc 
have some interesting ptirticulars 
about a Tortoise that lived at 
Peterborough, EngknJ: 

"From a document belonging to the archives of the cathe- 
dral called the 'IJishop's Barn,' it is well ascertained that the 
Tortoise at Peterborough must have been about 2LtO years old. 
Bishop Marsh's predecessor in the see of Peterborough had 
remembered it above sixty years, and could recogni.se no visible 
change. Its shell was perforated, in order to attach it to a tree, 
and to limit its ravages among the strawberry borders. 



(diiceruing the times and the sea. 
sons,) it looked out for fruit, when 
its former choice was forsaken. 
It ate currants, raspberries, pears, 
apples, peaches, nectarines, etc., 
— the riper the better; but would 
not taste cherries. Of fruits, the 
strawbeiry and gooseberry were 
the most esteemed: it made great 
havoc among the strawberry bor- 
ders, and would take a pint of 
gooseberries at intervals. The 
gardener told me it knew him well, 
and would watch him attentively 
at the gooseberry bush, where it 
was sure to take its station while 
he plucked the fruit. 

"I could not get it to take the 
root of the dandelion, nor, indeed, 
any root I offered it, as that of 
the carrot, turnip, etc. Ail ani- 
mal tood was discarded, nor would 
it take any liquid, at least, neither 
milli nor water; and when a leaf 
was moist, it would shake it to ex- 
pel the adhering wet. 

"This animal moved with ap- 
parent ease, though jjresscd by a 
weight of two hundred and fifty 
pounds: itself weighed thirteen 
pounds and a half In cloudy weather it would scoop out a cav- 
ity, generally in a southern exposure, whore it reposed, torpid 
and inactive, until the genial influence of the sun roused it 
irom its .slumber. When in this state the eyes are closed, and 
the head and neck a little contracted, though not drawn within 
; the shell. 

"About the beginning of October, or the latter end of Sep- 
tember, it began to immerse itself, and had, for that purpo.se, 




U 



is^^" 



^=- 



c^ta 



^^ 



EIjiT 



IIDTSTI^TJ 



for many years selected a particular angle of the garden. It 
entered in an inclined plane, excavating the earth in the man- 
ner of the mole; the depth to which it penetrated varied with 
thu character of the approaching season, being from one to two 
teet, according as the winter was mild or severe. It may be 
added, that for nearly a month prior to this entry into his dor- 
mitory, it refused all sustenance, whatever. The animal emerged 
about the end of April, and remained for at least a fortnight 
before it ventured on taking any kind of food. Its skin was 
not perceptibly cold: its respiration, effected entirely through 
the nostrils, was languid. I visited the animal for the last 
time on the 9th of June, 1S13, during a thunderstorm; it then 
lay under the shelter of a cauliflower, and apparently torpid. 
This Tortoise died in 1821." 

At Lambeth, also in England, a Tortoise was introduced 
into a garden about the year 162.5; but died from some neglect 
on the part of the gardener in 17.53, having been in the gar- 
den 128 j-ears. Gilbert White records several details of one 
which had lived thirty years in caplivitj', and stares that an- 
other in an adjacent village was kept, "till by tradition it was 
1 00 years old. " In some notes by Sir Robert Heron, Bart, 
who paid great attention to various animals, we find the follow- 
ing: — "1827. Mr. Reid, New York, has two water tortoises 
brought over from the seige of Belleisle, which commenced in 
1701; one of them having wandered, was missing for sixteen 
years, when it was found on cleansing out another pond. Both 
are alive, and very tame." In 1827, therefore, they had been 
about sixty-six years in England. Several other instance.s of 
the longevity of the Tortoise are on record. In the gardens of 
the Zoological Society, London, there are several specimens of 
huge Indian Tortoises weighing upwards of 400 pounds, and 
their age has been estimated at not less than 200 year.-, which 
is probably below the truth, since their size, when first hatched 
from the egg, is small, and their growth slow. 



J!^1^C>1>TG- 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

THE lOEBE-E^/GS. 



CHAPTER 1 



TEEP.^RATIONS FOR A VOYAGE. 




SUPPOSE some of our little readers come with me, and we 
will take a voyage to the Arctic Regions. How many 
will go? Alll Rather many, but we will make a gay company 
and have grand times, I suspect. But how are we to go? We 
cannot walk, neither can we ride. Ah! I have it. We must 
sail. We must have .some vessels all fitted out with everything 
necessary and comfortable for an Arctic Expedition. Now let 
us put our heads together and make our plans, and see what 
we need; we must bear in mind that it is a cold country, and 
we must go prepared, for Jack Frost has particular claims up 
there; and, unless we are well fortified against him, we will find 
ourselves bitten on every side, as he deems it his especial privj 
ilege to nip at everything that comes in his way. But let us to 
our vessels. 

Here they are, two of them. We will need that many at 
least. Now what shall we call them? Supjxise we name them 
the Instructor and the Ji'VENILE; the first to take the lead, 
and pilot the way, and the last to follow. We will have to be 
Sure that they are .strong and well made, or they will not be 
safe. 1 guess they will do, for the hulls are double, and heavy 
iron is extended from the bows to the beam, as a shield against 
the ice we will come in contact with. The decks are double 
also, and the interior is lined with cork. They look very com- 



fortable indeed, and appear as though they would be quite 
safe; but they must be well supplied before they will be ready 
for the voyage, and there are so many thing,s that we will need 
that, unless we are very careful, we will forget something. 

First, we will put aboard plenty of fuel for our fires, for 
most of the time we will encounter nothing but ice, and that 
does not make very good fires; neither will it suffice for food, 
and, therefore, our little vessels must be well stocked with pro- 
visions. We wi.l need sugar and flour and butter and fruit, 
and there will be no harm in eating a little beef on such cold 
occasions as we will meet with, but there abounds plenty of 
wild game in some parts of the country, and we need not be 
very particular about this part of our provision.s, provided some 
of our passengers are good hunters and will take along a rifle 
or two. Now our little vessels are ready for their living freight; 
but stop, we must not get aboard until we have supplied our- 
selves with plenty of good, warm clothing. We will need 
blankets and furs, woolen wearing apparel and — what else? 
Let me see, it seems to me that I have read somewhere about 
a man who visited the Arctic Regions, and what kind of an 
outfit he had. Blany of the things he took from home with 
him, but a great portion of his wardrobe was formed of seals' 
skins. These he obtained from the seals wh ch he shot. I 
believe I can remember some of his Arctic {outfit. First, he 
wore a pair of cotton socks, over these a pair of woolen one.Sj 
and then a pair of Esquimaux boots, lined with dog skin, the 
hair inside, and, being determined to stand proof against 
all of Jack Frost's attacks, he lastly put on a pair of seal skin 
leggings. He had also a doublo coat of seal skin and reindeer 
fur; this being a sort of loose concern he tied it down with a 
long waist scarf But the most important part of his outfit^ 
and no doubt the most comical looking, was what he called his 
Arctic hood. This also was made of seal skin, and drawn 
tightly over his head and face, with two holes for his ej'es, and 
one for his mouth. He must have resembled an animal more 
than a man in his appearance. No doubt he was very comfort- 
able, whatever may have been his appearance. But our ar- 
rangements are not complete yet, and we will drop the subject 
of the man with his curious outfit, while we finish ours. 

A few books must be stowed away to read during our leisure 
hours. The novelty of the voyage will wear off after awhile, 
and we, like all travelers on the sea, will need some pastime. 

Also paper, pens and ink, must be included, for some of us 
must keep a journal and give an account of everything import- 
ant that occurs, and we will want to send messages home to 
our friends to inform them of our progress, condition, etc. 
During the first few hundred miles we shall meet other vessels, 
by which means we can send these messages. 

Our little vessels are anchored on the east of Long Island, 
and at last they are well fitted, filled and supplied, and ready 
to start. The Instructor seems to be several tons larger than 
her consort, the Juvenile, but as she is to take the lead this, 
of course, is necessary. If she is to open up the way through 
a sea of ice, she must be equal to the task. But let us go 
aboard again and see if all is in trim, and nothing omitted that 
will contribute to our comfort. There are the berths in which 
we will sleep at night; and there is a large funnel of iron, con- 
nected with the chimney in such a way that the heat circulating 
around it may melt snow and sui)|ily us with water. Two smaller 
boats are ready for our use whenever we want them; also several 
heating stoves. While we are looking around and assuring our- 
selves that all is right, our friends are coming in to pay us a 
farewell visit. I wonder if they would not Uke to accompany 
us. Doubtless they would, but we can take no more passen- 
gers; for we number several hundred already, and every corner 
of our little vessels is filled, and with the exception of our 
captain and a few others of more experience than ourselves, 






^C3> 



0" TJ "V El 2Sr I Hj E! I ItT S T K/TJ O T O i^, 



107' 



€^ 



whom we have invited to go with us, our crew is made up of 
y Dung folks; and who knows what may be the result ofthis 
Juvenile Arctic expedition, and what discoveries may we not 
make and what may we not learn about the sea-frozen region 
of [he polar country. 

So we're equipped 
And ready for the trip; 
And away we will sail 
In a fine, fresh gale. 

(7b ie Continued) 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



%ufU mniiu. 



rt) 



CHAPTER XIII. 



LIITLE WILTJE GROWN TO MANHOOD. 



AFTER dinner Mr. Stanger enquired whether Willie would 
remain and preach to them on the morrow, which was 
the sabbath day. 

Willie. — "Yes, sir, with pleasure." 

Mr. Stanger.— "Well, sir, I hope that you will try to feel at 
home, and make yourself as comfortable as possible during our 
absence this afternoon. It is now hay time and we are very 
busy." 

Willie. — "Mr. Stanger, have you any objections to me going 
out to assist you with your hay making? If you have not, I 
would prefer to go." 

Mr. Stanger. — "We do not wish to set 3'ou at work, sir; but 
your company would be agreeable if it would please you to 
favor us with it." 

Willie went to the field with Mr. Stanger and his men, and 
took hold of the work with them. The news spread like wild 
fire that a "Mormon" elder had come to Mr. Stanger's, and was 
then actually working in the field, and that he v/as expected to 
preach on the morrow. 

Many came during the afternoon whose object appeared to 
be, to trj' to get the dimensions of a "Mormon" elder; and many 
seemed astonished when they d'scovered that the "Mormon" 
elders only appeared like other men. 

That evening four persons invited Willie to dine with them 
next day, and many showed him marks of great kindness. 
Willie felt that the Lord was giving him great oomfo.t when he 
had had but little reason to expect it. This encouraged him, 
and dispelled the gloom that the circumstance of his compan- 
ion leaving him had thrown around his path. He now felt glad 
that he had not yielded to the impressions that had caused his 
companion to go home. 

Next day it was arranged that Willie should preach at a farm 
house a little farther up the village, belonging to Mr. James 
Stanger, a brother of the first Mr. Stanger. Meeting was ap- 
pointed for two p.m. When the time arrived the housepvoved 
to be too small for the congregation, consequently meeting was 
held in the open air. The people appeared to be well pleased, 
and many invited him to visit them at their homes, for which 
purpose he remained at Faceby the following day. His visits 
aftorded him much pleasure; for many families gave him kindly 
greeting, and bade him welcome to their comfortable rural 
homes. 

It was known that Willie was to leave Faoeby on the nest 
day, and that he was traveling without purse or scrip, there= 




fore some of the ladies, fearing that he might not have a time- 
ly call to dinner, in their extreme kindness, made tarts, pies 
and turn-overs, and insisted that he should place them in his 
portmanteau. In this way he was actually loaded down with 
their kindness. 

In about a month aftf^rwards Willie went to Faceby again. 
His new friends received him very kindly. 

It was announced that he would preach in Mr. Stanger's 
house the following evening. He filled the appointment and 
during the discourse, a local preacher, of the Methodist persua- 
sion interrupted him with remarks. Willie told him that he 
thought it would be more compatible with the character of a 
gentleman if lie would cease these interruptions, and listen till 
the close of the disccurso; and on condition of his compliance 
with this suggestion he should have a hearing at the close of 
the meeting. The gentleman did not interrupt Willie again, 
but sat still till he had closed his remarks; then he arose, and 
said that he did not believe some things that had been advanced. 
He did not believe that baptism was essential to salvation; that 
much evidence could be brought to prove that the only thing 
necessary to man's salvation was faith on the Lord Jesus 
Christ. 

After speaking about fifteen minutes in this strain, he closed 
by saying, "my friends and fellow travelers to eternity, we may 
never meet again in the fiesh, and I would like to pray with 
you before we part. I came here to-night with a friend of 
mine (Mr. JIartial) on whose account I cannot remain longer 
with you, therefore let us kneel down." So saying he bowed 
down upon his knees. Just th«n a young man, son of Mr. 
James Stanger, took hold of his coat collar and raised him to 
his feet, telling him that he had had a hearing, and raised 
some objections, and that the meeting would be pleased to hear 
the answer. The local preacher appeared to be excited. He 
had no relish for remaining to hear an answer to what he had 
said. For a moment he had forgotten all about his friend on 
whose account he could not remain longer at meeting, and in 
a desperate manner rushed for the door, followed by the young 
man, intent upon urging the necessity of his remaining to hear 
the other side of the question. He could not see the point, 
and through great exertion gained the door first. The door 
was opened with a vengeance, and a regular foot race took 
place, but the preacher was a good runner and soon outran 
his pursuer, who gave up the chase and returned to meeting. 

That evening John Etherington, a Warden of the established 
church of England, said at the close of the meeting that he 
believed Willie had preached the truth, and made application 
for baptism. The night was dark, the hour was late, and 
some distance had to be traveled in order to gain a suitable 
place; nevertheless the Warden was baptized. 

That night Willie retired to rest with his heart full of glad- 
ness and thanksgiving for the many blessings that heaven had 
strewed upon his path. _ W «. W. B. 

{To he Continued.) 



SALT-MONEY. — There are many things used as money 
besides metals. Thus, in some parts of India, cowry-shells 
are used as coin. In the arctic regions, where iron is scarce, 
even rusty nails are used as money, instead of gold or silver. 
But the .strangest of all money is that used in Abyssinia. In^ 
stead of metals, they employ salt bricks, which are about eight 
inches long, and an inch and a half in breadth. They are 
shaped like a scythe stone. Each brick is worth about two- 
pence. 



''LoTi'iE," said a little visitor, "wW makes your kitty so 
cross?" "Oh, 'cause she is cutting teeth, I 'spect. 



't. 



^ 



^^:^>. 



^r 



108 



O'TJ'VEII^II-.S IIsrSTI^TJaTOI?. 



!ll &t SMmiU §mU\itU^. 



<i>-> 

€ 



SATURDAY, JULY 3, isr,9. 




EIDITOI^I^^I^; THZOXJG-HITS- 

LITTLE boy, who is the son of one of 
one of our friends, lives upon his fatlier's 
farm not far from this city. His father 
has been making improvements this sea- 
son, and has had to l^eep several teams 
employed. One of the teamsters was a 
boy about fifteen or sizteen years of age, 
'^ and he was what some people would call a 
fast boy. When a boy smokes, chews to- 
bacco, drinks liquor, swears, is disobedient 
to his parents and generally rude, he is called a 
fast boy. AVe think such a boy is not only fast, 
but he is wicked, and unless he changes he is 
sure to come to a bad end. We do not know 
whether this boy teamster did any thing more 
than use bad language, but he did that, and when a 
boy indulges in that evil practice, he is apt to have 
other bad habits. One day lately our friend's little 
son and he were in the stable together, when he com- 
*" menccd singing a vulgar song and usiiig vulgar lan- 

guasre. As soon as the little boy heard what he was saying he 
reproved him, and said it was very wrong for him to speak such 
words, that he, himself, had been taught better than to say 
them or to listen to them. At this the teamster laughed. He 
thought it very funny for a little boy to be so strict, that he 
would not listen to an amusing vulgar song. But he did not 
stop. He probably thought that he could cure the little boy 
of his scruples, ihe little boy finally told him that if he did 
not stop, he would leave, he would not remain and hear such 
language; and, as the teamster continued his vulgarity, he did 
leave. 

These boys thought they were aloue when this conversa- 
tion took place; but one of the men was within hearing, he 
heard all that passed, and by this means we learned about it. 
We were pleased at hearing this little incident; not because the 
large boy tried to teach the little fellow vulgar words; but that 
the little boy was so particular in obeying his parents that he 
would not listen to them. Let him be equally strict through 
life, and he will become a man whom God will bless and good 
men will honor. How many of the Juveniles would have 
done as this littlf^ boy did if they bad been in his place? 



F 



^iJ 



RUIT is very tempting to children. When they see it 
lianging singly or in rich clusters they gaze upon it with 
longing eyes, and think how good it would taste. In childhood 
and youth the appetite for fruit is always strongest and most 
difficult- to control. But still it can be controlled. Boys or 
girls can not truthfully say that they like fruit so much that 
they can not help stealing it. Yet there are boys, and nroba- 
bly girls loo, who steal fruit. Their appetites govern them. 
What a miserable condition it is to be in to bo a slave to one's 
appetite. J\o one who yields to his appetite, and permits it to 
load him, can be happy. 

The season for fruit has begun, and already we hear com- 
plaints about it being taken out of the gardens. A lady, whose 
husband ha,s gone as a missionary to a foreign land, has written 



a letter to us complaining about the children climbing her mul- 
bcrr.v trees to get the fruit, and breeking them down. Such 
conduct is very wrong. It is bad enough to steal the fruit; but 
to break down and spoil the trees is much worse; and no boy or 
girl who is a Lalter-day Saint, or who wishes to be one, will be 
guilty of such acts. All the pleasure there is about eating 
stolen fruit is destroyed by knowing it is stolen. A thief feels 
so mean that he cannot enjoy himself, no matter how much he 
may have. He cannot bury his conscience nor stop its voice. 
Juveniles, listen to us, it does not pay to steal fruit. If you 
cannot get it without going into somebody's lot, and taking it 
without leave, go without it. We would much rather give a 
boy all the fruit he could eat, if he would come and ask for it, 
than to have him steal half that amount. Almost every per- 
son who has fruit would rather do the same. There is really 
no excuse for stealing fruit in this country, for boj's can get it 
by asking for it. Though we have heard of the fruit of the 
mulberry t.-ees being taken, we think there is but little stealing 
of fruit done by our children; but we would like to know that 
it is never done among us. If the streets were lined with 
fruit trees instead of locusts and bos elders, the fruit should 
be left untouched by boys and g rls, unless they are told to take 
it. We recollect traveling through a part of Switzeiland once 
where the sides of the road were planted with cherry trees; 
the cherries might have hung on those trees till they rotted 
and they would not have been taken oiF unless permission had 
been given by the owners. This is the way it should be here, 
and it will be so after awhile. 



COUNT ZINZENDORF AND THE DOVE.— Cruelty to 

anin:als is always the sign of a weak and little mind, whereas 
we invariably find really great men distinguished by their 
humanity. 

I remember having read, some time ago, a beautiful story of 
Count Zinzendorf when a boy. He was, as I dare say you 
know, a great German noble, and lived to de a great deal of 
good in the world. 

One day, when he was playing with his hoop near the bank 
of a deep river, which flowed outside the walls of a castle wheie 
he lived, he espied a dove struggling in the water. By some 
means the poor little creature had fallen into the river, and 
was unable to escape. The little Count immediately rolled a 
large washing-tub, which had been left near, to the water's 
edge, jumped into it, and although generally very timid on 
the water, by the aid of a stick, he managed to steer himself 
across the river to the place where the dove lay floating and 
struggling. With the bird in his arms he guided the tub back, 
and got saiely to land. Alter warming the littli captive ten- 
derly in his bosom, the boy ran with it into the wood, and set 
it free. His mother, who had watched the whole transaction 
in trembling anxiety for his safetj', from her bed room window, 
now came out. 

"But were j-ou not afraid?" she asked. 

"Yes, I was, rather," answered the little boy; "but I could 
not bear that it should die so; you know, mother, its little ones 
might have been watching for it to come home." — Sdccteil. 



Cold water, we hail thee; thou gift free as air; 
No beverage of mortals can with thee compare; 
Who drinks of thee only will I'md with delight 
Fresh vigar by day and contentment at night. 



^ 



A CHILD, in reply to the question, "Where is your home?" 
replied, looking at her mother, "JMy homo is where mother is." 



<^ar^ 



J" TJ V E 3^ I L E XlSTSTTtUarnOlEi,. 




For the Juvenile Instructor, 




DO our little readers ever tbink, when tempted to take any 
thing that is not their own, of the words that head this 
article? Do they ever consider that the Lord has commanded 
us not to touch that which is not our own? Do they think of 
the wrong they would do? We feel satisfied they do, and that 
a small voice whispers in their hearts that, if they yield to the 
temptation, they will break God's law. 

Can any of them ever recollect a time when they were placed 
in a position, through their folly, very much like the predica- 
ment of the boys in the picture? They are stealing, yet they 
would think it hard for any one to call them thieves. They 
have broken into a man's orchard, and are taking his fruit with 
out his knowledge and permission. They do not, however, 
feel happy, 

for they «K.^-^ > C^^^-^Sh^^ 

know they „ ^>^^a^nais-> ^^kssts^as, "^'iSa' »v 

are doing 
wrong, and 
they feel a- 
fraid that 
they will be 
found out. 
All evil do- 
ers are cow- 
ards; they 
tremble at 
the rustling 
oftheleaves, 

at the rum- " ""^ 

ble of a wagon, or the voice of a child. As the Bible says, 
"the wicked flee when no man pursueth, but the lighteous are 
as bold as a lion." But these boys have been found out. A 
watchful little dog has spied them, and the owner of the tree 
is no doubt not far away. Then tlioy may expect to be taught 
a pretty severe lesson. 

We remember oneo, when a little boy, stealing an apple, 
and though we were not found out, oh, how ashamed and 
miserable we felt every time we thought of it, until we had con- 
fessed the wrong wo had done, and offered to make the loss 
good to the man to whom the apple belonged. Though no- 
body saw us, we saw ourself, though nobody knew of it, we 
knew all about it ourself, from the first moment of temptation, 
until we secretly swallowed the last mouthful. And we felt so 
mean that we would have given a hundred times the worth of 
the apple to regain our good character in our own cj'es. We 
felt we were not fit to play with good, honest boys. We hope 
none of our little friends have causes for the same feelings of 
regret and shame. 

Avast amount of evil is done for want of thought. People 
say harsh words, do foolish actions, commit wicked deeds, 
because they do not take the trouble to reason about a matter. 
And when told of the wrong, their only excuse is, "Oh, I did 
not think." Now we hope our young folks will think, and as 
a gentle reminder, we write this as the season when the apri- 
cots, apples, pears, peaches, plums and other fruit will be ripe, 
is near at hand, and that is the season of temptation for boys 
who love fruit. And where is the boy who dues not? 

Prayerful boys seldom give way to temptation. Prayer gives 
power to the character. A boy who seeks unto the Lord, will 
seldom be led to do what his conscience tells him is wrong by 
the enticing words of his playmates. He will feel strong to 
resist their allurements. And though he may intensely relish 



a sweet, rosy apple, or luscious peach; he will not climb a neigh- 
bor's fen e or open his gate, if he never taste one again until 
he grow to be a man. 

Little by little, men and women give way to wrong. A 
temptation that would be spurned with anger to-day, may be 
given way to with ease next month, it we allow ourselves to be 
overcome by a smaller evil now, and do not repent. A boy who 
steals fruit when he is small, if he does not turn away from 
this practice, will probably steal stock when he grows large, 
from that he may become a highway robber, then a murderer, 
and, at last, end his days by the. hands of an executioner of 
the law. 

Then, boys and girls, whenever tempted to take what is not 
your own, remember the words of the Lord, written on the 
tables of stone, on Mount Sinai, and given as a command' 
ment to all men— thou shalt not steal. G. K, 



For the Jtivcnile Instructor, 



%\tvd%%t\^ ul €ummott ®Tiiti||0» 



HIirX^I^OOEilT 



IF some water is put in a bottle, and a few scraps of zinc are 
thrown in; upon adding a little sulphuric acid, chemical 
action begins and bubbles of gas arise to the surface, which pass 
off into the air. This gas is hj'drogen; it may be collected by 
fitting a cork to the bottle and passing a tube through. A pipe 
stem may be used when a proper gas tube cannot be obtained. 
The disengaged gas may be kept for use, a short time, in a 
bladder; but it is better not to keep it long, as the air is apt to 
get mixed with it, when it becomes an explosive compound. 
When proper apparatus is possessed this gas may be preserved 
pure, for experiment, lor a long time. If hydrogen is mixed 
with oxygen, in the proportion of two volumes of the former to 
one ot the latter, which is the same as one of hydrogen to 
eight of oxygen, by mi<jht, it is in the proportion which forms 
water. Not that we are to suppose that an atom or particle of 
hydrogen is eight times less than one of oxygen, or eight times 
heavier, nothing is really known of the si-e of the atoms of 
either, or ot their weight, as atoms, for they are too small to 
be seen or weighed. The way of ascertaining this is by separ. 
ating the gases, which form water, and measuring and weigh- 
ing them in bulk. This process is called "analysis;" when the 
gases are united so as to form water it is called "synthesis," 
which means putting together. 

Let us see how, in the above experiment, hydrogen is formed. 
Before the sulphuric acid is put in the water, no chemical 
action is seen; there is merely zinc plus water. As soon as 
the powerful acid is put in, action begins; the oxygen of the 
water leaves the hydrogen, wi'h which it was comb'ned, and 
unites with the zinc, forming an oxide of zinc; the hydrogen 
which is liberated, rises to the surface as gas. So long as there 
is zinc, water and acid, this willg'i on. Atone time gas was 
made in this manner to inflate balloons. If we fill a bladder 
with this gas, it will rise to the ceiling; it is a little balloon. 

Now, we may learn something of the nature of hydrogen by 
this experiment. It is a gas, lighter than air, and we may per- 
ceive that it is colorless and without smell. If we allow a lit- 
tle of it to escape through the pipe from the bottle, we may set 
fire to it, when we shall sec that it burns with a very pale ye'.'. 





J" TJ "V" E ITI Xj E II>TSTI^TJCTOI^ 



low flame, giving little light and a great deal of heat. If we 
hold a cold wine glass over the flame, or, which is better, cause 
the pipe to enter into a long lamp glass, we shall see the vapor 
which is caused by the burning, condensed on the sides of the 
f lass. This is water, formed by the hydrogen gas chemically 
uniting with the oxygen of the air. 

This is not the way to get all the correct results which chem- 
ists require, but they may satisfy us that water is formed by 
the combustion of hydrogen; and that hydrogen can be separ- 
ated from water. Besides which, we may have the fun of 
making ourselves a little gas, for a few cents, and a real bal- 
loon into the bargain! 

Balloons are, however, generally filled with coal gas, which 
is cheaper and more readily procured, although hydrogen is 
by far the lighter gas. 

There is another use of hydrogen, which is worth remem- 
brance. "When a jet of this gas is burning, if a jet of oxygen 
gas is passed into the hydrogen a most brilliant light is pro- 
duced, accompanied by intei:se heat. When these gases are 
used for illuminating purposes, it is usual to let the flame pass 
on to a pan of lime, which greatly increases the brilliancy. 
This kind of light is used for the oxy-hydrogen microscope, 
and for signals at sea; it is too dazzling to look at unless covered 
with ground glass. For this reason it is seldom used for light- 
ing the streets of large cities; for which purpose coal gas is 
generally used. There are other purposes for which these 
gases are used, where great heat is required; even the hardest 
rocks can be readily melted in the flame of the oxy-hydrogen 
blow pipe, which is a burning jot of each of these gases, in the 
exact proportion irhicli forms water. 

This is very curious, and shows the intense chemical action 
produced by the rapid oxic'ation of hydrogen. There are, how- 
ever, other elements besides oxygen, with which hydrogen 
unites; and we shall see, as we advance, that in many respects 
hydrogen behaves as the metals do in combining with other 
elements. Beth. 

{To be Continued.) 






From "Men Who Have Risen." — Published by Allen <£• Co., 
New York, 



^i 



*' TTERE we are, "cried Wilhelm, as he hurried Lelie into the 
XJ- dark passage of his homo, opened his door, and lifting 
her gently down, placed her upon his cold hearth-stone. "It 
won'tbe cold long," cried he, laughing cheerily, as he struck a 
light and applied it to the wood from the forest of Soignies, 
which filled his grate. "It isn't a palace this, Lelie; but if you 
are not as hui->py as a little queen, it shall be no fault of mine. 
Come, let me wash thy face and hands with this sweet water 
from the Seine, and cat thou of this brown bread." 

After ministering in every possible way to the comfort of his 
protege, Wilhelm sat liim down, and looked upon her with eyes 
that sparkled in the light of his crackling logs. A strange 
elevating sensation stole over his spirit — a sense of dignity and 
power that he had never known in his loneliness. Was it not a 
direct radiation from heaven which exalted the soul of this poor 
man, with an inward cognizance of paternity? "My child," 
muttered Wilhelm, with a sweet smile; "mine! — I now have 
something to care for; something that will learn to care for me. 
Jan Roos' dog loves him, I know, and would light lor him; 
but his dog is but a brute. This young Lelie was sent i'rom 
heaven, fresh, rosy, and glowing with a celestial nature, and 




then misfortune blighted her, to render her a fit companion for 
the heart-lone Wilhelm Voss." 

Everybody wondered to see how clean and neat Wilhelm the 
knife-grinder became all at once. He felt that it was necessary 
to give Lelie a good example in all things, and so he kept his 
blouse as clean as if every day were Sunday. A change came 
over the aspect of his house, too; he became particular with 
regard to scrubbing his floor, and burnishing his two little cook- 
ing pans, and arranging his crockery; and when he took Lelie to 
school, and paid a weekly instalment, of what he intended to 
pay for her education, she and he were so trig and neat that 
the teacher said he was glad to see a brother have such care 
over his sister. 

Wilhelm became filled by degrees with a sense of home and 
an assurance of love. When he was abroad, his thoughts were 
dancing in the flames of his own beaming hearth, and smiling 
in the face of pretty, blooming Lelie. In every penny he 
earned, he recognized her share; in every step he took at night- 
fall towards his dwelling, amongst his anticipations of peace, 
rest, and comfort, her face was seen smiling on him, and her 
hands were seen spreading his board. Wilhelm's fortunes be- 
gan to mend as the little girl began to grow up. He could not 
account for it unless as a gracious dispensation of that Great 
Ruler of good, who sent a double share of work to him for 
Lelie's sake. But work came to him now, when he didn't call 
out for it; and as he was respectable, and could go with his new 
machine to the Park, it was astonishing how much money he 
would carry home in the evenings. Nobody would have 
believed that the Wilhelm A^oss who had his name painted 
jauntily on a board in front of his machine, and wore a smart 
blouse and beaver, was the same lauie Wilhelm who bore home 
the little foundling five years previously. His cheeks were clean 
and ruddy, and his bright black eyes were scarcely brighter than 
his well-combed locks and the cook-maids who brought him knives 
to grind olten declared that his face was very handsome; and, 
blessings on their woman's hearts, they pitied him that he was 
lame, and you would have thought that they blunted the knives on 
purpose, so regularly did they bring them to Wilhelm to sharp. 

Little Lelie grew up as tall and straight as a poplar, and as 
beautiful as any orange-tree in the royal conservatory of Brus- 
sels; and how pleasant to Wilhelm to watch her growth and 
opening loveliness; but he could hardly define the happiness 
that thrilled him, when the truth dawned upon his observant 
spirit that she was like unto him in her ways. Every little del- 
icate kindness that ever this lame knife-grinder had shown to 
the poor outcast, she strove by some spiritual impulse to recip- 
rocate; she loved him with a strong and passionate earnestness 
that he knew not of; and every smde he gave her, every happy 
word he spoke, fell on her heart like heavenly music; and it 
was because of the refined and delicate manners which she ob- 
served in him, and which she so assiduously strove to imitate, 
that she loved him. WMhelm had never hinted at the hnk 
which bound liim and Lelie together; she was old enough when 
he found her to know that he was, no relation of hers, and she 
had so distinct a remembrance of tie vice amongst which she 
had dwelt, that the gentle words which W ilhelm had constant- 
ly spoken, and the little prayers and hymns which ho taught her 
to repeat, gave her at first a dim idea of maternal care, and 
then of human goodness, w!--ich she was constrained to love and 
venerate; ;md to which she had some ind' finite affinity; but she 
had no sense of charity, no feeling oi' dependence, for Wilhelm 
had consulted her about every little household act, and had so 
identified her with himself in all he .«aid or did, that she, too, 
had no thought of doing anything beyond the knowledge of 
''our Wilhelm." 
Lelie would go out in the afternoons to meet her modest pro- 
! tector at some appointed place, and the knife-grinder looked so 



S^fSJ- 




cr "a"V" E n^ I L El ii^stx^tjctoi^ 



111 



happy and so brave, and Lelie looked so beautiful and smilingi 
that the great folks began to take notice of the cheerful paii, 
and to declare that that knife-grinder and his pretty sister de- 
served to be encouraged. And so Wilhelm was encouraged; 
for, when he opened' his cutler shop in the Place de Ville, 
customers came pouring on him, and, assuredly, Lelie had a 
busy time of it serving them. Dinner sets of knives and forks 
for the quiet, calculating dames, who were queens in their way, 
for each ruled a home; long black scalpels for physicians, large 
carvers for keepers of cook-shops; pruners and hedgebills for 
agriculturists; and hooks and scythes for reapers; together with 
penknives for students of law and divinity; these constituted 
part of the stock of Wilhelm Voss, and these were the class ol 
his read.v-mouey, constant customers. 

In twelve years from his finding Lelie, Wilhelm was a man of 
standing and importance amongst the guildry of Brussels. He 
was esteemed wise, and good, and rich, which last was, per- 
haps, the most important consideration of the whole in theej'es 
of some. But he esteemed himself especially blessed of heaven 
in Lelie, and she was the chief of all his earthly treasures. 
And what a treasure of grace, and beauty, and affection, had 
that young child become! It was a picture far finer than any 
of the paintings in the city gallery, and the finest of Flemish 
paintings were there; it was a finer sight than them all to behold 
Lelie seated behind the counter of Wilhelm's well-filled shop, 
on the fine summer afternoons, when the sunbeams streamed 
through the little panes, and fellupon her ruddy cheeks, smooth 
brown hair, and blue ej'es, as she bent thoughtfully over a 
book, or wrought away with her needle. Wilhelm, grown a 
thoughtful man, with a dignified air that became him wonder- 
fully well, would stand and gaze upon the maiden from his back 
workshop, and bless her from his heart; and then he would 
wonder if any one could envy him of this jewel of his home- 
Was it envy, or that most selfish of all the passions, sometimes 
misnamed love, that prompted Hitter Van Ostt, the skinner, to 
come so often to the shop of Mynheer Voss? He was a great 
gallant, Ritter, who was ambitious of illumining the world; for, 
hke many other people whose money had accumulated in their 
coffers, he, with great modesty, and, no doubt, truth, felt as- 
sured that his intellect had brightened and expanded too; and 
if there had been an election for primarius of the university' of 
Ghent or Louvain, and it had been left to Ritter to choose the 
fittest person to fill the academical chair, he would not have re- 
quired to leave his bod to find .^uch a person. He came to the 
shop of W Ihelm day after day, finely done up in velvet and 
linen, with his beaver stuck up a little at the side, to give it a 
rakish air, and his cloak hung carelessly upon one shoulder, in 
cavalier fashion. He was a very large specimen of the human 
frame, and he spoke very loudly and authoritivcly upon every- 
thing and even nothing, and few in Brussels thought themselves 
60 high and killing as Ritter Van Ostt. 

{T'o be Continued.) 



THE ichntg's :vcist.aice. 



MANY of j-QU know that the eagle is the largest and strong- 
est of birds, having its nest on high rocks, and coming 
down to the valley in search of prej'. He has a special liking 
for lambs, kids and fresh fish; and has even carried off children. 
His eyesight, too, is so strong that it is said he can gaze at the 
sun. You know he is often called the "king of birds," as the 
lion is called the "king of beasts." 

Well, one day thi» monarch of the air went hunting, and 
pouncing on what he probably took for a fine, large hare, car 
lied it in triumph to his nest. 



"Here, my children," said he, in bird dialect, "is a rich 
dinner for you. I have been highly successful to-daj'. Come, 
enjoy it, and I will soon be home again;" and away he flew to 
get something for himself. 

Ah! the king had made a mistake and brought up a nice, 
large cat. 

"Not so fast," said pussy, in cat-language; "your majesty 
has provided me with a good dinner." 

She leisurely ate up the young eaglets, and when she had 
finished the last one and washed her face, she cautiously picked 
her way, by her sharp claws, down the steep rocks to her val- 
ley-home. 

What his majesty said when he returned has never be^n 
written; but the story carries with it a meaning not hard to 
read. 

In some time and way, sooner or later, injury done reacts on 
him who does it. Those who seek to enrich themselves at the 
expense of others, or deprive them of their rights and happi- 
ness, will surely find, whatever may be their worldly estate 
that they have taken into their souls' dwelling-places enemies 
who will rob them of their richest treasures. — Selected. 



THE S IC Y . 



WHAT is the blue sky, so grandly arched above our heads? 
The ancient Greeks supposed it to be a solid substance 
spread above the earth at an immense height, in which the 
sun, moon and stars were set like diamonds in a ring. The 
upper surface was laid with gold — the pavement of the gods. 

In pagan countries somewhat similar notions still prevail. 
A native said that he thought the sun. moon and stars were 
holes in the solid sky, through which came streaming down to 
earth the brightness and glory of the heavenly world. 

But, in reality, the sky is nothing more than the ah- we 
hfeathe. Instead of the solid arch, towering so many thou- 
sands of miles above us, where our childish fancy pictured iti 
the blue sky is nothing but the color of the ocean of air, in 
which we live and move. And, as to its distance from us, it is 
all leithin three or four miles. For travelers, who go up on 
high mountain-tops, tell us that they no longer see any blue 
sky above them there, where the air is so thin that they pant 
for breath, but only the hlaclcncss of empty space. 

But it uiay be asked, why do we not see the blue color of 
the air when we look up to the ceiling of our rooms? Why do 
we not have a blue sky in the house as well as out of doors? 
The answer is that some substances, of which air is one, do 
not show their colors except iu the mass. Take a piece of 
glass, pour upon it a single drop of ink; now press anothej. 
piece of glass upon the ink, and hold them both, pressed to- 
gether, up to the light. Scarcely any color of the ink can be 
seen. 

The poet says: 

" 'Tis distance lends enchantment to the view, 
And robes the mountain with its azure hue." 

But Philosophy, that great enemy to Poetry, steps up and 
tells us that it is not the mountain s blue rohix which we sec, 
but only the air, which, like a misty curtain, hangs between us 
and the mountain. — Selected. 



CiTlLDTsn Sdipucity.— Little Susie, poring over a book in 
which angels were represented as winged beings, suddenly 
exclaimed, with vehemence: 'Alannua, I don't want to be an 
angel, and I need not, need I?" 

"Why, Susie," questioned her mother. 

"Humph! leave off all my pretty clothes, and wear fodders 
like a hen." 






vt v; 



'^^, lis 



JU^V^EITILE Il>rSTI^TJCT01^ 




For the Juvenile Instructor. 



piglttnl i?u0lr^. 



'There's beauty in the human face — 
Beauty of motion, form and grace — • 
Beauty of innocence and j'outh — 
Beauty of lips that speak the truth. 

There's beauty in the lucid stream 
That sparkles with the sun's bright beam; 
There's beauty in the clouds that liy 
In fleecy sheets across the sky. 

There's beauty in the tiny wave, 
Where moving waters gently lave; 
There's beauty iu the dashing flow, 
When cataracts melt in foaui below. 

There's beauty iu the grassy blade 
That decks the spacious summer glade; 
And ill the wild flower's peerless bloom, 
That tills the air with sweet perfume. 

There's beauty in the gentle rain 
That waters garden, field and plain; 
And iu the fiercer storm that beats, 
And sends its torrents through the streets^ 

There's beauty in the aerial bow. 
Which God has set above, to show 
The world will not be drowned again. 
While on its surface men remain. 

There's beauty in the lightning's blaze 
And in the moon's pale borrow'd rays; 
There's beauty in the twilight hour. 
When night's brown tinge begins to lower. 

There's beauty in the starry night. 
And in the morning's golden light; 
There's beauiy in the sun's first rays, 
And iu its noontide buruish'd bla2e. 

The stars that twihkle in the sky. 
Are gems of beauty placed on high; 
Go wliere you will — look here and there, 
And beauty meets you every wherei 

E, K. S. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

c :h: Ji^ :r j^ JD :ei . 



BY J. R. CLAIIK. 



I am coniposej of I", letters. 

My 10, i;;, 0, 6, is Bail! to be a place of toruienti 

My 7, 8, 11, J 2, 5, is the name of a State. 

My 10, 8, 1, is a covering for the head. 

My 6, 11, 7, 5, is used much in building. 

My 4, 2, 1, is a fniit protected by a shell. 

My 9, 5, 3, 1, is the naujc ol a coin. 

And niy whole is msed iu biiildiag raihoals. 



Vof will tind it a good rule to keep silence while angry, for 
words si)oken in anger arc .stirc to bring regret. 




For the Juvenile Ins'ructor. 



IFXXjTJLIj 




THIS little girl appiiars to love her mother very much, and it 
is very beautiful to see her little arms around her mother's 
neck in an affectionate embrace. If little bo3's and girls onlj' 
knew how much their mothers love them, work for them and 
suffer for them, they would try to be very affectionate in return. 
How happy and thank- 
ful you should feel if 
you have a good, lov- 
ing muther. Do not 
grieve her and make 
her sad by being naugh- 
ty and disobedient, but 
try to please her by be- 
ing good and kind, and 
you will p'ease God, 
and make both your 
mother and yourself 
happy. 

There are many chil- 
dren who have no kind 
father and mother to 
love and comfort them, to teach and take care of them; no 
nice home to live in and friends to watch over them; for their 
parents have been taken away by death, and their bodies are 
laid in the grave. Do you not feel very sorry for those poor 
little children? Many of them, too, do not know anything 
about God or Jesus, — they do not know, as you do, that God 
is their Heavenly Father, that He too loves them, for all are 
His children, even though some are very naughty — and that 
He will be a very kind friend to them and take care of them, 
if they will ask Ilim, when they have no other friends. They 
have no one to tell them about this, and they think no one 
cares for them; so many grow up wicked men and women. But 
some day, when they find out that all the while God was kind 
to them and pitied them, they will repent and become good 
and love God wii.h all their hearts. But the children of the 
Latter-day Saints should all understand that God is their 
father and fiiend and that lie can and will take care of them 
if they trust in Him, even though they might have no earthly 
friends; and that He will bring them back out of their graves, 
when they die, and their fathers and mothers too, and make 
them all very happy together if they will let him — and then 
they will never die any more. 



Bk careful to injure no one's feelings by unkind remarks. 
Never tell tales, make faces, call names, ridicule the lame, 
mimic the unfortunate, nor be cruel to insects birds or ani- 
mals. 



Is imljliBhcil in Suit Liiko City, Utiili Territory 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



iSingle Copy, per Annum •••• 
Single Copy,/or Six MontliS' 



. 5:5 00 
. 150 



»4- It i« rxpceto.1 wlioro npontB forward nninrB tlii-y will IXTPsponMhle 
r„r the n,,i„.rs llius „nl.Tr,l; imil wlx'ii C.pIi imyin.'ut» an- made, tl.oy will 
|,H■.1^,■ forward then, witl, tl„- Ivlt.r ,-,M„an, „.. llisnainej ofllic «.h»crlb,M;s 

ttir Kld.r Win. U. SInarmun, l.c.;,'an, will art an Oi-nural Af,'cut lor 

'■"il^" (yraii/bron-Iit to tHi« City for II o .TcvKNlI.K Instkuctor will be 
leiccivcd at the ouiic of our paper-DtsUKur ^KWS Buildings. 



