
[''' _- --- r| 
















VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CITY. SATURDAY. JULY 31, 18G9. 



NO. IG. 



\ 



iisrT_EE.Eisa?i3src3- izsrTEK."viEAAr. 



IX the accompanying engraving we have an interesting scene 
— the interview between a husband and his wife, a father 
and his children, a son-in-law and a father-in-law. Their names 
and an account of the meeting are all found in the Bible; can 
any of our readers inform us who they are? 

The Bible contains sketches ol lives of more romantic interest 
than any book with which we are acquainted. Where can one 
find any biography more fascinating than that of Joseph, con- 



carry out despotic measures. The TTebrews had more liberty 
than he wished them to have. He wanted them to feel hia 
yoke, to known that he was their master. So he commenced 
by appealing to the fears and selfishness of his people. Said 
he: 

"Behold, the people of the children of Israel are more and 
1 mightier than we: 

j "Come on, let us deal wisely with them; lest they multiply, 
. and it come to pass, that, when there falleth out any war, they 




(alncd in the Bdjle? Daniel's, too, what interest centers around 
it! But it is of Moses that we now wish to write. 

After the death of Joscpli and the king whom he knew and 
served there arose anollicr king of Kgyjit, a I'liaraoh also, who 
knew not .losviih. He saw the prosperity and increase of the 
Ifeljrews. ns tbe children of Israel were called, and he was 
jealous of tliciM. He was evidently a tyrant, who wi.-hed (o 



join also unto 0,1 r enemies, and light against us, and so get them 
Up (lut of the land." 

The plan they took to prevent ihe Ilcbn'ws from multiplying 
and prosjjering, was to cn.slave them. They .«et over tliem task- 
masters, drove tlieni to their lalor and compelled tlicm to build 
citi<"s (or (he king. From their former condition of prosperity 
and iiid peiKlencc the cliildren of Israel were reduced to bondage. 



IblS^- 





Cr "U" "V E n^ I L E ULTSTI^TJOTOI^, 



T(Q^ 



Their lives liecame bitter and cheerless to them, inconsequence 
of the hard labors which they had to perform. But, though 
their work was severe and they were made to do all manner of 
service in the field they increased in numbers. In fact, we are 
told that the more the Egyptians afflicted them, the more they 
multiplied and grew. This did not please the king. Ashe had 
adopted a cruel policy towards them and showed plainly to them 
that he was their enemy, it would not answer his purpose now 
to have them multiplj'. Their increase must be checked. Half- 
way measures would not do; for by enslaving them and still suf- 
fering them to multiply, the very result which he professed to 
dread would moi-e surely be brought upon Egypt, namely, in 
oase of war they might join its enemies and fight against their 
enslaver.s aud obtain their freedom. 

So he commanded the Hebrew midwives to kill all the sons 
which should Lo born to the Hebrews, but to keep the daughters 
alive. Having commenced his tyranny he did not stop at mur- 
der, or any other crime, to accomplish his purpose. But the 
midwives feared God more than the king, and they saved the 
children. Finding that he could not get the .male children 
killed through them, he gave charge to his own people to take 
every son that was born to the Hebrews and throw it into the 
river Nile. By this means he hoped to destroy the Hebrew 
people, probably expecting the daughters who were to be spared 
alive to marry Egyptians. The Latter-day Saints have been 
persecuted, and their enemies have tried a great many plans to 
destroy them, but they have never had power yet to practice 
such cruelty towards them as the Egyptians did to the children 
of Israel. 

Belonging to the tribe of Levi in these days was a man by 
the name of Amram. He had taken his father's sister to be 
his wife, and her name was Jochebed. They had a daughter 
by the name of Miriam and a son named Aaron. It is probable 
that Aaron was born before Pharaoh gave command that the 
sons of the Hebrews should be killed. He was three years old 
when another son was born to his parents. This boy was a very 
fine, good-looking child. His mother did not want him killed, 
so she hid him three months; but she could not expect to hide 
him always, and she adopted a singular plan to dispose of him. 
The Lord, without doubt, inspired her to take this course. She 
made a little ark or boat of bulrushes, and daubed it with pitch 
to make it watertight, put the child in it, and laid it in the flags 
at the edge of the river. And Miriam stood off at some distance 
to see what would become of her little brother. 

It seems that the daughter of Pharaoh was in the habit of 
washing herself at the river, and she and her maidens camo 
down that day while the child was lying there in his little ark 
She soon saw this curious object among the flags, and she sent 
one of her maids to bring it to her. To her surprise, upon 
opening it, she found a child, and the little fellow, when he saw 
her, wept. She pitied him, for she knew it must be a Hebrew 
child whose mother had taken that method of disposing of it 
to save it from the cruel decree of her father Pharaoh. By 
this time little Miriam had drawn near, and sh? asked the prin 
cess if she .should call a Hebrew woman to nurse the child for 
her. She told her to do so, and she went and brought her 
niothcr. 'J'he princess requested her to take the child and nurse 
it for her and .«he would pay her wages. This was a labor of 
love which Jochebed would gladly have performed without 
reward; and Miriam, too, how deliglited she must have been 
to have had her little brother restored to them again! 

Pharaoh's daughter adopted the boy as her son, and .she 
called his name Mo.'^e.s. The Bible does not give us much 
information about his mode of life while in Egypt. Stephen, 
the martyr, in his discourse to the Jews, just previous to his 
death, says, that 



?'>-< 



"Moses was learned in all the wisdom of the Egyptians, and 
was mighty in words and in deeds," 

It was altogether likely that, being brought up as the son of 
the princess, he had all the advantages which such a rank would 
confer upon him, and was learned in all the wisdom of that 
nation, the most famous on the earth at that time. The Jew- 
ish historian, Josephus, siysthat Moses was chosen as a general 
of the Egyptian armies and he led them to victory and was a 
mighty man among them. Paul says, that 

"By faith Moses, when he was come to years, refused to be 
called the son of Pharaoh's daughter; choosing rather to suffer 
affliction with the people of Gnd, than to enjoy the pleasures of 
sin for a season; esteeming the reproach of Christ greater riches 
than the treasures of Egypt." 

He remained in Egypt until he was about forty years old. 

One day he was out where the Hebrews were and he saw an 

Egyptian beating one of them. He watched his opportunity 

and killed the Egyptian and hid him in the sand. Another 

day he went out, and he saw two Hebrews contending. He 

asked the one who was in the wrong, why he struck his fellow. 

The wrong-doer turned upon him, and inquired 

"Who made tliee a prince, and a Judge over us? Intendest 
thou to kill me, as thou killedst the Egyptian?" 

This surprised Moses, and he thought his killing of the 
Egyptian was known. Pharaoh did hear of what he had done, 
and he sought to kill him; but Moses fled into the land of Mid- 
ian. 

In Blidian he married a daughter of Jethro, a man who held 
the priesthood, and by whom Moses was ordained. Here he 
lived until he was about eighty j'ears old. The Lord then 
appeared unto him and called him to go back into Egypt and 
deliver the children of Israel from bondage. He also com- 
manded his brother Aaron to go with him and be his spokesman, 
for Moses was a man slow of speech; but Aaron could speak 
well. The Pharaoh who was king when Moses was in Egypt 
was dead; but his successor was as much bent upon keeping 
the Hebrews in bondage as the former Pharaoh had been. 
The Lord performed many wonderful works through Moses, 
to convince Pharaoh that he ought to let the children of Israel 
go into the wilderness. After sending ten plagues upon Egypt, 
the last of which was the killing of all the first-born in the 
land, from the first-born of the king on his throne, unto the 
first-born of the captive that was in the dungeon, and all the 
first-born of cattle, Pharaoh let them go. So universal was 
this plasue that there was not a house belonging to the Egypt- 
ians where there was not one dead! But Pharaoh was not 
satisfied when they had gone. He and his servants were 
astonished that they had let Israel go free from bondage, for 
they looked upon them as their slaves. So he and his army 
followed them in chariots. The Lord made a pa.ssaga through 
the Red Sea for the children of Israel; and Pharaoh and his 
host tried to follow them; but when they were in the middle 
he caused the water to return and they were overthrown and 
were all drowned. 

Zipporah was the name of Jethro's daughter whom Moses 
married. They had two sons named Gershom and Eliezer. 
After Moses started on his mission to deliver Israel out of 
Egypt he sent his wife back to her father. Jethro and his 
daughter and grandsons waited patiently, doubtless, to hoar 
news from Moses. He was dear to them all. At last the tidings 
of all that God had done for Moses and for Israel reached 
them, and Jethro took Zipporah and the two boys and went to 
the camp of Israel. 

The engraving which we give represents the meeting of these 
loved ones; but how faint an idea does it give of their happiness! 
With what joy would Moses meet his father-in-law, the man 
of God through whom he had received the priesthood, and his 
wife and sons! He had left them on a perilous and mighty 



1^ 







J TJ "V E 3iTI Hi E IIsTSTie/'CrCTOI?/, 



123 



mission, he and his brother alone to deliver a nation of slaves 
from the midst of the most powerful monarchy on the earth, 
and he had returned, having successfully accomplished that 
great workl They knew him last as the keeper of his father- 
in-laws' flocks; but now how different his position! He was 
the head of a great nation! It is written that Moses went out 
to meet Jethro, and did obeisance, and kissed him. The meet- 
ing was an affectionate one, and Jethro gave Moses very 
excellent counsel. 

Our readers can now know who are the husband and wife, 
the father and sons, the father-in-law and the son-in law. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

a- I j^ mr T s . 




WHERE is the boy ^Yho does not like to read about giants? 
or which amongst them, who has read about "Jack the 
giant killer," or of the "Giant with the seven league boots," 
has not rejoiced in the triumph of right over might, as Tom 
slew his burly foes one after another, or trembled with sympathy 
for tiny Hop O'my Thumb when the terrible monster was per- 
suins him over hill and dale seven leagues at a leap? But we 
will leave these fairy tales to others, and to day chat about some 
giants and giantesses who really lived upon the earth. 

It does not appear that men, as a rule, were any bisger in 
ancient times than they are to day, though it is possible that 
men of large stature were then more numerous than now, while 
some races, like the present inhabitants of Patagonia, in South 
America, seem to have been much taller than the rest of man- 
kind. Such a people were the Anakim, of whom Og, King of 
Bashan, was about the last. We have spoken of these people 
and their giant cities in No. 9 of the present volume. Some 
silly philosophers have striven to prove that in the days before 
the flood men were of enormous size, and that they have grad- 
ually grown less from then until now, in about the same ratio 
as the length of their lives has decreased. Thus, one of these 
would-be-wise men, asserted that Adam was very nearly 124 
feet high, whilst Eve was only 5 feet less. Then "growing 
small by degrees and beautifully less" Noah was only 21 feet, 
while Abraham only stood 20 feet in his stockings, and Moses 
could only boast of being 13 feet tall. But the best contradic- 
tion to this nonsense is the fact that human bones found in the 
oldest graves in the lands first peopled by mankind show that 
men, as a general thing, were but very little taller then than 
they are in these days. If there be any doubt remaining on 
the subject, we have but to refer to the words of the prophet 
Joseph Smith, he having seen Adam in vision, and he speaks of 
him as being about six feet in height. 

But for all this, records exist of men of extraordinary size 
Such a one was Goliath of Gath, whom David slew. He was 
about 10 feet high. Another of about the same size was the 
Jew Elnazer, of whom Josephus speaks as being sent as a hos- 
tage to Rome by the King of Persia. 

Then again, there was the Roman Emperor Maximus, 9 feet 
high. His shoes were a foot longer than those of other men, 
and his strength was so great that he could pull a wagon that 
two oxen could not move. He usually drank six gallons of 
wine and devoured forty pounds of meat each day. It was a 
good thing for him that he was an emperor, or he might have 
starved. 

In more recent times we have accounts of various giants. 
Frederick, king of Prussia, had a whole regiment of them 
Big men were his hobby; he scoured all over Europe to hire, or 
kidnap them, and to-day many of their descendants of unusual 
size can be seen at Potsdam and the neighborhood, where they 



were principally quartered. About two hundred years ago a 
Dutch giant nine and a half feet hich, was exhibited in Lon- 
don, whilst many yet living can recollect James Toller, eight 
and a half feet high, and an American, named Freeman, seven 
and a half feet. 

But we will now turn to the ladies. In the reign of Henry 
VIII of England, there lived in London a very tall woman, 
known as Long Meg. She has the reputation of having 
thrashed a carrier, a vicar and a bailiff, fought with a Spanish 
knight, beat some thieves, and behived with much courage at 
Boulogne, in the war with the French. Ben Johnson thus refers 
to this lady's lower limbs: 

"Or Westminster Meg 
With her long leg; 
As long as a crane, 
And feet like a plane, 
Wilh a pair of heels 
As broad as two wheels." 

Again there was the monster girl of Basle, in Switzerland, 
who lived in the seventeenth century. At five years old she 
was as big as a full grown woman. Her thighs were thicker 
than a horse's neck, and the calf of her leg was thicker than 
the thigh of a good sized man. She died young, before she 
was full grown. 

In 1845 a tall Saxon woman was exhibited in England. She 
is said to have been seven feet high. 

One of the empresses of Austria once took a whim to collect 
under one roof, all the giants and dwarfs in her kingdom. Great 
care was taken to preserve the dwarfs from the giants, who it 
was supposed would terrify the little fellows. But the contrary 
was the case. For the mischievous little men, so bullied, teased, 
insulted and even robbed their big brothers, that the overgrown 
boobies with tears in their eyes, begged protection from their 
stunted tormentors. And sentinels had to be placed in differ- 
ent parts of the building to look after these men and women in 
miniature. In our next we will have a cosy talk about these 
same tiny creatures. G. R. 



IVCILIC JLT SEOO:tT3D-"E3:^]Sr3D. 



WE find this amusing anecdote in a recent number of Hours 
AT Home: 

Willy and Freddy both were very fond of milk, and a mug of 
it always completed their supper. But while in the country 
last summer it so happened that they one day saw the girl 
milking. 

"There, Willy," said Freddy, "you see that, do you? I don't 
want any more milk after the cow's had it;" and he withdrew, 
very much disgusted. 

That evening when their mugs of milk were placed on the 
table, both stood untouched. A reason of this being asked, 
Freddy simply declared that he didn't want any milk after the 
cow had had it, but further refused to explain. Willy, how- 
ever, told of the discovery of the morning. 

The mother then explained to them that the milk did not 
come to them second hand; that the cow ate grass, which was 
changed into milk by a wonderful chemical process, akin to that 
which produced everything in nature. In the light of this ex- 
planation Willy was satisfied, but Freddy still turned up his 
nose at milk. 

After supper, Willy, who, on these important occasions, 
always acted as expounder, took his brother aside into a corner. 

"It's all riijht, Freddy," he said, "and you can just goon 
drinking your milk again. The cow eats grass, and that's what 
makes it. Now, if the cow didn't eat the grass, you'd have 
to, you see. That's what the cow's for. " 

Freddy resumed his evening draughts. To his mind the only 
alternative was eating grass, and from that he shrank. 



.(r* 




crxrVEin^riiijS i:iTsa?s.TjGTOi^ 



^It iuficttil0 Ittsfruclor. 



w 



GEORGE Q. CAlVNOTS, s EOITOtt. 

SATURDAY, JULY 31, isr>9. 

EIDITOI^lJ^I-i THZOTJG-HITS. 

CAN we say anything to our littb friends about eating green 
fiuit that they will remember and act upon? This is the 
time when green fruit is plentiful, and the little fullvs look upon 
it with longing eyes and wish it was ripe, they would so like to 
eat it. The temptation to eat fruit is very strong with nearly 
every child, and many do not know any better than to eat it 
green, they are so fond of it. This is very unhealthy for strong 
persons who are grown; but for children sueh fruit is positively 
dangerous. We have known of several children bringing on 
sickness which resulted in death throunh this practice. Many 
who have not died have been made sick in this manner, and 
have paid very dearly for the short enjoyment they have had 
in eating such stuff. 

Let our caution be remembered, children, and do not, on any 
account, eat green fruit. Control your appetites, and wait until 
it gets thoroughly ripe, and then you can eat it without danger 
and enjoy it. It is your duty to think about the bodies which 
God has given you, and to take care of them. JNo child should 
do anything to hurt his body or to injure his health. Such 
conduct is very wrong. When j'ou grow older and understand 
the value of life and health, and how much more useful and 
happy you can be if you are perfectly healthy and sound, j'ou 
will see how necessary it is that your parents, teachers and the 
Juvenile Instructor should teach you on this point. 



JLJ^Ol^TOr 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



CU AFTER III. 



INCIDENTS — FIRST BERG. 




V[7E are now off Newfoundland, sailing along briskly over a 
I smooth sea. The past month has been pleasant and de- 
lightful. We have learned to forget our own personal discom- 
forts in the pleasures around life on shipboard! How curious 
to be cast adrift upon the waters. To glide along day after day 
so gracefully and easily, and yet hardly feel that we move, un- 
less a gale sets in; and then we do not need to be told that we 
are getting a shaking, for we are well aware of it, if we may 
judge from our feelings. We have got used to such treatment, 
and do not mind it, except to think sometimes of the possibil- 
ity of being shipwrecked. Such a thought calls up all the dis- 
asters at sea that wo have ever heard of; and causes us to think 
of the many hapless beings who have fuuudawatjry grave, and 
to shudder at the thought of meeting such a fate ourselves. 

Thus far our voyage has been more or less monotonous; noth- 
ing but a distant sail occasionally has appeared to attract our 
attention, until yesterday, as we came in sight of Cape Race, 
something large and white was seen floating on the water and 
glittering in ttie sunshine. It was our first iceberg. What a 
rush there was on deck to get a sight of the magniQcent won- 
der. "How large is it? ' and "how did water ever manage to 
freeze into .such an immense looking thing as that?" "Why, I 
should think it much larger than the Tabernacle in Salt Lake 



' City!" and many other expressions were heard from our youth- 
ful company. 

Not beiny near enough for our artis'.s (we hare two on board) 
to sketch it, we soon found use forour rubber boats, and a party 
went to visit it, promising to bring back a drawing of it, ,\fter 
sailing entirely around it, and viewing it on all sides, they re- 
turned to the vessel in high glee, each one trying to deecribe 
its beiuties. all sparkling and shining, rough, rugged and pre- 
cipitous. Our captain smiled in his good natured way, and 
assured us that in a few days we would see plenty of bergs 
;ind perhaps come in closer ptoximity to them than we would 
think necessary for our sjfety. And we had not long to wait 
for, this morning, sure enough we saw them to our satisfac- 
tion: we wore almost hemmed in by them, and could scarcely 
find a passage way through them. 

We have been separated from our friends on board the Ju- 
venile all daj'. We wonder how they are getting along; and if 
thev are as gleeful as ourselves, and do they enjoy the novelties 
of their pes tion as we do ours? or are they becoming weary of 
this cold country and do they wish themselves at Lome again? 
Ah! we see them now. They are making signals. I suppose 
they mean for us to slacken our speed that they may overtake 
us. Perhaps they have met with some ill luck since we have 
seen them; or perhaps had a few thumps from some of those 
huge ice mountains from which it has been our luck to escape 
so nicely. We shall see. Here they come, gliding up along 
side. 

"Well, what have j'ou been doing all this time?" we ask, 
"and what has kept you so long?" "Doing indeed! when you 
have passed such a night as we have, then you will know some- 
thing about it. We have been entirely hemmed in and 
sur ounded by icebergs, and almost despaired for awhile of ever 
getting clear of them; and have been almost thumped to pieces 
during the darkness of the night." 

Well, we will not soon forget our adventure with the mountains 
of the sea. But I suppo.se this is only another of the things 
we must expect. People who visit the Arctic Regions must 
not expect to find a smooth sea all the w..y. A few thrilling 
adventures, provided we remain unharmed, will only add to the 
interest of our expedition, but we prefer not to meet with such 
occurrences every day; if we have no more sueh narrow escapes 
dur ng the voyage we shall not care, we can do just as well 
without them. We would respectfully inform Mr. Iceberg that 
we did not come ui> here to get knocked about in any such a 
manner, and we would just thank him to give us room to pass. 

The next thing that attracts our attention is a shoal of finbacked 
whales, wallowing and tumbling around the vessel, rolling over 
each other and cutting as many pranks as possible for suck 
great ugly things to be capable of. Now, if we had the least 
anxiety for another adventure there would be no difficulty in 
having one. These ugly fellows would just as soon as not tip 
us into the sea, but we do not care about ducking so near the 
Frigid Zones, neither do we relish a resting place like Jonah's 
in ancient times, and, therefore, we will not get on terms of too 
great intimacy. 

RUJTHA. 

[Tolic Contihued) 



A VALUABLE DOG.— There is a large and strong dog, 
named Carlo, in Dubuque, Iowa, that has saved the lives of 
four persons. He dragged a creeping babe from under the 
feet of a pawing colt, pulled two drowning girls out of a lake, 
and seized his master's coat tail, one dark and stormy night, 
and held him back just as he was about to step into a river 
where the bridge had just been carried away. — Umrth and 
Home. 



^p 




s^ 



^ 



crTT"VE3^iiL,E iisrsari^-croToi^. 



125 ' 



^1 



For the JavenUe Iiistrtictor 

TUB I?.EEnD "VST^I^.BIliEI^.. 



i^oj- </ie Juvenile Itt^tructor, 



THE nest of this bird is a very beautiful structure; it is of an 
elongated form, and very deep, so as to entirely concea 
the biid when sitting. It is formed of the seed tops of reeds 
and long grass, and is attached to the growing stalks of three 
or four adjoining leeds, to which it is bound by long strips of | 
grass, interwoven with the structure of the nest. | 

Thus suspended, it is liable to be swung to and fro as the | 
reeds bend to the wind; indeed Montague states that ho has 
seen this bird sitting on the nest when the wind blew so hard • 
that every gust foreed it almost to the sui face of the water, j 
Under such circumstances, neither the eggs nor the bird would \ 
keep their place in a shallow nest; and hence, the nest is made 
unusually deep. The color of the eggs is greenish white, j 
spotte I with olive and brown. I 

In Holland the Keed Warbler is very abundant; but it is 
principally to the south-eastern portions of England that itg ! 
summer visits are extended. Its song is varied and pleasing, | 
and though delivered hurriedly, has few harsh, wiry sounds. ' 



€I]cmisfpfi uf €ommun. ®liittrj5. 



3sriTE.oa-Ensr. 




THE DOG.— I once 

read an account of a 

Newfoundland dog who, 

when his master went 

away on a journey, did 

what he never had done 

before — came up at night 

and laid himself in front 

of the chamber door of 

his mistress, and would 

not let even the servants, 

with whom he was fauiil 

iar, go into the room; 

would Ijt no one go into 

the room; constitu'ed 

himself hei protector 

until his master returned- 

Telling that story, I have 

met with two persons who have informed me that they had ' 

Newfoundland dogs who did exactly the same thing. Is there 

not something nobler than mere animal love in that? Is there 

not something like soul in that? Is there not something akin 

to ua in that? Is the Indian very far wrong who— 
"Thinks, aduiitteei to tliat equal sky. 
His laithful dog shall bear Liiii company?" 



AVOID NEEDLESS PERIL.— A gentleman who wished 
to test the character of some men who had offered themselves 
for the situation of coachman, took them to a narrow road i 
which bordered on a deep precipice, and inquired of them h^w 
near to the dangerous verge they could drive without fear. One 
named a few inches, another still fewer. The gentleman shook 
his head and dismissed them. They might tempt danger instead 
of seeking safety. He could not risk his life with them. 

A third was taken to the precipice; and, in answer to the 
question, "'How near this edge can you drive in safety?" drew 
back, replying, "I should drive as far from it as possible. The 
place is dangerous. I should avoid it altogether :f I could." 
He was employed. He could be trusted, for he valued safety, 
and was too wise to encounter needless peril. 

Righteousness exulteth a nation. 



THIS g:is is also invisible, tasteless ami without smell; but it 
differs greatly from oxygen and hydiogen; it neither sup- 
ports life nor flame, nrr will it burn It is al.«o sluggish or inert 
in its nature. In the atmosphere it oxi.-ts nuxcd with oxygen, 
not combined; it is said to be iiieiJi'iiiiailli/ not chcuiicaliy mixed. 
To give an idea of mechanical mixture, get a little powdered 
carbonate of .soda and mix it with some white sand, grind it 
as fine as you will it will not chemically comliine. To separate 
it yo'i have merely to dissolve the soda with water, when the 
sand will remain. Allow the solution of soda to stand awhile, 
and the water will evaporate and the soda will remain. If you 

want to unite the sand 
and soda ikanica ly, you 
must put them in a c u- 
^^ cible and melt them 
i together, when glass is 
J foniicJ. t?uppo.'-e,instead 
■f of soda and sand, you 
^ mix soda and tartaric 
J acid; although they are 
J only mechanically mixed 
^ you cannot sej arale 
-^ ihem. If water is added, 
they clicmieally coiiibini' 
~ and a refreshing I overage 
P is rurmed,"tO a water." 
^ Now nitrogen and oxygm 
exist in the air with no 
direct aflinity for each 
other, like the .sand and 
soda; it is only by chem. 
ical means that they can be united. lu nature this goes on in 
a manner which exhibits great wisdom, when sub-tances which 
contain nitrogen decay, the nitrogen at once unites with the 
first element it can combine with or it escapes into the air, the 
great reservoir of that gas. Thus, no tcnible ciistioi'lies re- 
sult from the operations of an element which would otherwise 
be very destructive to life. For, the salubrious air which we 
inhale every moment of our existence is made u|i of tlie nuine 
elements, only in different proportions, that lorm the nitric acid, 
a fluid destructive to organic substances, and the nitric oxide, a 
gas which produces spasms and death. 

This change in the nature of things by the different propor- 
tions of elementary constituents is necessary to be vuiderstood, 
and the combinations of nitrogen and oxygen give a good idea 
of the principle. The mixture of about one part of oxygen 
with four parts of nitrogen, is atmospheric air. Besides this, 
therearefivedistinctcouipoundsof these two gases: 1st, protoxide 
of nitrogen. This is the celebrated ''laughing gas," of which 
mention has been made before. This appours to be two volumes 
of nitrogen to one of oxygen. Ilonce, we sec the great increase 
of the proportion of oxygen, which may account lor the distin- 
guishing feature of this gus when breathed, producing a kind 
of intoxication. 2nd, dcutoxido of nitrogen (two of O to one 
of N. ) This is the nitric oxide, formerly called "azotic" acid 
becau.se of its deadly qualiiies. ord, hypo-nitrous acid (o O 



j% 







0-TJ"VEn^IIl.E IliTSTI^'CrOTOI^ 






plus N. ) 4th, nitrous acid (4 plusN,) and otlily, nitric acid, 
or aqua fortis (5 oxygen plus nitrogen. ) All these combinations 
of nitrogen with oxygen should be examined and remembered 
by the student, as similar changes are produced by this "law of 
proportions" among other elements. This may be seen in the 
union of nitrogen with hydrogen; when organic substances 
decompose. Nitrogen is very susceptible of change, at the 
moment of separating, if it meets with free hydrogen gas it 
unites with it, forming Ammonia, the pungent odor of which 
we are familiar with in our "smelling bottles." Here hydro- 
gen and nitrogen, which are without smell, form a body remark- 
able for its odor. By another proportion of nitrogen and 
hydrogen (N 2 H) a crysUilinc compound is formed. 

Should the student wish to procure this element he may do 
so by setting fire to a piece of phosphorus and covering it with 
a glass, which must stand in a plate containing water, so as to 
exclude the air. When the whole of the oxygen is burned 
white flatulent particles will be seen in the glass; these are 
"phosphoric acid." Altera time these particles will subside, 
upon which the water in the plate will rise into the glass, proving 
that the volume of gas is diminished. The remaining gas is 
nitrogen, which is not free from smell as the pure gas is, on 
account of the odor of phosphorus. Of the various experiments 
in the gases to test their properties we shall now be prepared to 
speak. Beth. 

{To be Continued.) 




§iog(iaj[i|u. 



:p:e?.oi=h:et.' 



ornE 



O-OPERATION is a subject which has 
been considerably discussed of late, and the 
necessary steps have been taken to carry 
the principle into practical operation among 
us. As long ago as March, 1844, however, 
this principle was agitated among the Saints 
in Nauvoo, the subject was fully investigated, 
and the benefits of such an institution was 
clearly pointed out. The leading features 
of the ins'.itution were to give emjaloyment 
to the mechanics among the Saints, by supplying 
the raw material, and manufacturing all sorts of 
domestics, and furnishing the necessaries and 
comforts of life on the lowest possible terms. 
Many were the comments which were made by the 
public journals throughout the United States when 
Joseph's name was published as a candidate for the 
Presidency. Some of these were very favorable. 
They contrasted Joseph's frank avowal of his princi- 
ples with the shuffling policy and course of the other prominent 
candidates. These were all politicians, and who ever heard of 
a politician, running for an office, being honest and candid in 
declaring the policy which, if elected, he intended to follow? 
It was said by Talleyrand, a famous French diplomatist, that 
in his opinion, language was not to be u.sed for the purpose of 
conveying ideas, but of concealing them. This appears to be 
the opinion of politicians when they are candidates for office. 
They liave a great aversion to candor and plain speaking, and 
ihey do not like to have to answer fiuestions. 




Joseph's course was in such striking contrast with Henry 
Clay's, Martin Van Buren's and John C. Calhoun's and the 
other prominent politicians' that there were many men in the 
nation who noticed it, and who, doubtless, would have voted 
for him, though they did not believe in the religion he taught. 
It was a common practice then, as it is in thefe days, when 
travelers were on steamboats and railroad cars to take their votes 
for the various candidates. During the Spring of 1844, on 
steamboats on the Mississippi, this practice was frequently 
resorted to, and in many instances a majority of votes was cast 
in favor of Joseph for President. 

Though some of the journals made favorable comments on 
the prophet's views of national policy, they were exceptions. 
There were three classes of men from whom Joseph could look 
for no favors. He had never received honorable or decent treat- 
ment from any one of (hem as a class, at any time of his life, 
and, at the period of which we write, they particularly feared 
him, and were determined to do all they could to prevent his 
success. They were Priests, Editors and Politicians. The priests 
knew full well that, if he succeeded in his labors, they would 
lose their salaries, for the people would not pay them to preach 
to them. Therefore, they hated and persecuted him, and were 
the most active of the devil's agents in warring against the 
truth. With the priests the editors and politicians were gener- 
ally united. These latter classes had a horror of being unpopular. 
Popularity was the idol of their worship. They abjectly knelt 
at its shr:ne, and it had the place in their hearts and afl'ections 
which should alone have been occupied by the God of heaven. 
They have not changed in these respects since the days of 
Joseph. Editors will publish any lie, no matter how transparent, 
if they can suit the popular taste by so d^nug, and they will 
refuse to publish the most important truths if they are unpopular. 
Politicians also, having an eye to re-election, will never know- 
ingly advocate an unpopular measure, however just and pressing 
it may be. When a subject is presented to editors and poUticians 
for their action, the question should be: "Is it just and right?" 
But that is not the question which they generally ask; it is: 
"Will this be popular? Will it suit subscribers? or, will it suit 
voters?' ' 

These three classes thought that their common interest 
required that they should oppose, ridicule and hate the prophet. 
We have told you why the priests di-liked and lied about him; 
they felt as thoy did respecting Jesus and his apostles, — that 
their craft was in danger. Editors and politicians were so closely 
united with the priests, that whenever the latter took a pinch 
of snuff the former always sneezed. 

But the enmity of all these people united together could not 
be compared with the hatied which apostates in those days felt 
against Joseph and the work of God. William and Wilson 
Law, Chauncey L. and Francis M. Higbee, Dr. Kobert D. 
Foster, and others, were rank, bloodthirsty apostates. They 
were leagued together, and had for their associates men who 
were resolved to kill the prophet it they could. "Anti-Mor- 
mon" organizations and mobs could have had but little influence 
if all who had made profession of being Latter-day Saints had 
been true to their brethren and their religion. But these men 
had transgressed the law.' of God, they had indulged in adultery, 
whoredom and lust, and had, therefore, lost the Spirit of the 
Lord. 

Besides these open and avowed apostates, there were men 
still remaining in the Church who sympathized with them, and 
who, at he.irt, were traitors to Joseph, and the work of God. 
Prominent among these were Sidney Rigdon, William Marks 
and Austin A. Cowles. There were many others, also, of lesser 
note. One of these was a man by the name of James Blakes- 
lee. We recollect very distinctly hearing him, one Sunday 
during this Spring (1844,) speak from the public stand, and in 



f 




Cr TJ "^ E InT I L H lUSTI^/TJOTOI^ 



the course of his remarks he bore testimony to the tiuth of the 
work of God and that Joseph was a projihet of God. It was 
the afternoon of that same day, or if not that day it was directly 
afterwards, he went and united hiniseli wltli AViHiam Law's 
party and became an open apostate. Law at that time was 
declaring that Joseph was a fallen prophet, and was trying to 
form a church of his own. 

You recollect reading in No. 10 of the present volume of 
the Juvenile Instructor of William Law and William 
Marks being frightened at Joseph's statement about there being 
a "right hand Brutus." Marks had seen a fire on the bank of 
the Mississippi river opposite his house, and it had frightened 
him. He thought he was the "Brutus," and that the police 
had the design in view of killing him. His conduct proved 
that he had no confidence in Joseph and that he was destitute 
of the light of the Spirit. Yet, strange to say, he and 
Blakeslee are now two of the most prominent men in an apos- 
tate organization which claims to believe Joseph was a true 
prophet while it denies the doctrines which he taught! 

Joseph's enemies were alarmed at the idea of his being a 
candidate for the Presidency. While they ridiculed and abused 
him, they were very uneasy at the prominence which he was 
gaining in the nation. If he did not become President of the 
United States at that election, he was but a young man, only 
thirty-eight years cf age, and he might succeed at seme future 
time in reaching the Presidential chair. The thought was a 
bitter one to them. They were angry because he dared to do 
what every American citizen, however humble, has the right to 
do, namely, to oifer himself as a candidate for the sufirages of 
his fellow-citizens. But, in addition to this, there was another 
cause which apostates had for anger against l.im. He had 
revealed the principle of celestial marriage. Law and others 
were familiar with this revelation. Their impure fouls could 
not comprehend or receive this great principle, and they rebelled 
against it. Joseph was perfectly aware of all the consequences 
which he incurred by teaching this doctrine. He knew that he 
taught it at the peril of his life. But his great soul never 
faltered. From the commencement of the work he had braved 
death without hesitation, and he did not shrink now. There 
was no principle which he had brought to the atteiition of the 
huaiaji family, that was welcome to the masses of men. Those 
which he taught that the Christian world had long accepted, 
such as faith in Jesus and repentance, they preferred to hear 
from other lips than his; those he advanced that were new to 
them, men, with few exceptions, rejected. He was, therefore, 
familiar with all the difficulties of advancing truth to a priest- 
ridden, revelation-denying generation. God had led him along, 
step by step, until the proper time had come to reveal the sub- 
lime doctrine of eternal marriage, eternal increase, and the 
path in which man should walk to be exalted in the presence 
of God. Greater devotion to God and to truth could not be 
exhibited by mortal man than was evinced by Joseph in relation 
to this principle. Let the cost be what it miglit he was deter- 
mined to do God's will, confident that in the end he would 
receive an ample reward for all his faithfulness. 

Children, now that this principle is taught to the world, and 
is to a great extent established on the earth, you cannot know by 
personal experience the difficulties that had to be contended 
with, and the courage and faith which were required to enable 
a man to teach and practice this doctrine in the beginning. The 
craven souls of corrupt men were appalled at the bare thought 
of such a doctrine being practiced, and they deserted and 
op'posed the prophet. It required pure, faithful and courageous 
men to stand by him in this critical time. And they were not 
wanting. They were conscious of the purity of their own hearts 
and motives, were full of faith in God, and were willing, if 




necessary, to meet a world in arm.s. God did sustain them, 
and His arm is still around them to preserve them. Men so true 
to God as Joseph and those who stood by him were could not 
fail to be acceptable to Him. He loved them for the godlike 
qualities which they exhibited, and the prosperity and the many 
blessings which the Latter-day Saints have enjoyed for the past 
twenty years and upwards, are due to God's favor towards them 
for their unfaltering devotion to the truth which He revealed 
through His servant Joseph. 

The greatness of the work which Joseph and his fellow-ser- 
vants accomplished is not at present widely acknowledged, but 
the day is not far distant when mankind will bless their memories 
and greatly honor them for their fidelity to God and to principle. 
{To be Continued.) 






From "TKiUJirns of Invention and Discovert.' 
lishcd by T. Nelson d Sons. 



-Pub- 



IN the reign of the Emperor Justinian, a couple of Persian 
monk.s, on a religious mission to China, brought away with 
them a quantity of silk-worms' eggs concealed in a piece of hol- 
low cane, which they carried to Constantinople. There they 
hatched the eggs, reared the worms, and spun the silk, — for 
the first time introducing that manufacture into Europe, and 
destroying the close monopoly which China had hitherto en- 
joj'ed. From Constantinople the knowledge and practice of 
the art gradually extended to Greece, thence to Italy, and next 
to Spain. Each country, as in turn it gained possession ot tha 
secret, strove to preserve it with jealous care, but to little pur. 
pose. A secret that so many thousands already shared in com- 
mon, could not long remain so, although its passage to other 
countries might be for a time deferred. France and England 
were behind most of the other states of Europe in obtaining a 
knowledge of the "craft and mystery." The manufacture of 
silk did not take root in France till the reign of Francis I.; and 
was hardly known in England till the persecutions of the Duke 
of Parma in 1585 drove a great number of the manufacturers 
of Antwerp to seek refuge in that land. James I. was very 
anxious to promote the breed of silkworms, and the production 
of silken fabrics. During his reign a great many mulberry-trees 
were planted in various parts of the country — among othersi 
that celebrated one in Shakspeare's garden at Stratford-on- 
Avon — and an attempt was made to rear the worm in that coun- 
try, which, however, the ungeuial climate frustrated. Silk- 
throwsters, dyers, and weavers were broughtover from the Con- 
tinent; and the manufacture made such progress that, by 1629, 
the silk-throwsters of London were iucorporated, and thirly 
years after employed no fewer than 40,000 hands. The emi- 
gration from France consequent on the revocation of the Edict 
of Nantes (1085) added not only to the numbers engaged in 
the trade, but to the t.aste, skill, and enterprise with which it 
was conducted. It is not easy to estimate how deeply France 
wounded herself by the iniquitous persecution of the Protest- 
ants, or how largely the emigrants repaid by their industry the 
shelter which Britain afforded them. 

Although the manufacture had now bceome fairly naturaL 
ized in England, it was restricted by their ignorance of the first 
process to which the silk was subjected. Up till 1718, the whole 
of the silk used in England, for whatever purpose, was import- 
ed "thrown," that is, formed iuto threads of various kinds and 
twists. A young Englishman named John Lombo, impressed 
with the idea that their dependence on other countries for a sup- 
ply of thrown silk prevented them from reaping the full benefit of 



^% 




JU^EITILE] in^STI^/TJCTOI?/ 



''Ci 



'"^ 



the uianufacture. and f'lora competing with foreign traders, con- 
ceived tlie project of visiting Italy, and discoverins the secret 
of the operation. He accordingly went over to Piedmont in 
JTJo, but found the difficulties greater than ho had anticipated. 
He applied for admittance at .several factories, but was told that 
an examination of the machinery was strictly prohibited. Not 
to be balked, lie resolved, as a last resort, to try if he could 
accoi«t>ll»h bv stratagem what he failed to do openly. Disguis- 
ing himself in the dress of a common laborer, lie bribed a 
couplt; of the workmen cotineeted with one of the factories, 
and with their connivance obtained access in secret to the works. 
His visits were few and short; but be made the best use of his 
time. He carefully examined the various parts of the ma- 
chinery, ascertained the principle of its operation, and made 
himself completely master of the whole process of throwing. 
Each night before he went to bed ha noted down everything 
he had seen, and drew sketches of parts of the machinery. 
This plot, however, was dis.orered by the Italians. He and 
his accomplices had to fly for their lives, and not without grea^ 
difficulty escaped to a ship which conveyed them to England. 

Lombe had not forgotten to carry off with him liisnote book, 
sketches, and a chest full of machinerj-, and on his return home 
lost no time in practising the art of "throwing" silk. On a 
swampy island in the river Derwent, at Derby, he built a mag- 
nificent mil, yet standing, called the "Old Silk Will." Its; 
erection occupied four years, and cost £80,000. It was five 
stories in height, and an eighth of a mile in length. The 
grand machine numbered no fewer than 13,384 wheels. It was 
said that it could produce 31 8, .504,960 yards of organzino silk 
thread daily; but the estimate is no doubt exaggerated. 

While the mill was building, Lombe, in order to save time 
and earn money to carry on the works, opened a manufactory 
in the Town Hall of Derby. His machinery more than ful 
filled his expectations, and enabled him to .sell thrown silk at 
much lower prices than were charged by the Italians. A thriv- 
ing trade was thus established, and England relieved from all 
dependence on other countries for "thrown" silk. 

The Italians conceived a bitter hatred against Lombe for 
having broken in ui)on their monopoly and diminished their 
trade. In revenge, therefore, according to William Hutton 
the Historian of Derby, they "determined his destruction, and 
hoped that of his works wou'd follow." An Italian woman 
wis despatched to corrupt her two countrymen who assisted 
Lombe in the management of the works. She obtained em- 
ployment in the factory, and gained over one of the Italians to 
her iniquitous design. ' They prepared a slow poison, and ad- 
ministered it in .small doses to Lombe, who, after lingering throe 
or four years in agony, died at the early age of twenty-nine. 
The Italian fled; the woman was seized and subjected to a 
clo.se examination, but no definite proof could be elicited that 
Lombe had been poisoned. Lombe was buried in great state, 
as a mark of respect on the part of his townsmen. "He was," 
says Hutton, "a man of quiet deportment, who had brought a 
beneficial manufactory into the place, em|iloyed the poor, and 
at advanced wages, — and thus could not fail to meet with re- 
spect; and his melancholy end excited much sympathy." 
{To be Continued,) 



TiIK answers to the Charades in No. VI are XKW HAJH'- 
Srn I! E and PHILADELPHIA; to that in No. 1 ,3, LORK.NZ') 
SNOW, and to the one in No. 14, TUNNEL IMAUHINE. 
We hope our little readers will cxcu-^e our oversight in not 
jiublishing some of the above answers in previous numbers. 

Nevku overlook any one when reading or writing, nor talk 
or read aloud while otlicrs are leading. 



Srlrdcft l^odtJg. 




J^ IPIOT'U'E.E. 



Little, wa:ien, dimpled hands, 

Pure as flakes of snow, 
Fluttering, with c;»ressini; wiles. 
Toward the sunshine or the smiles 

Tbat reach her craille low, 
Are the hands of Baby May — 
Our Baby May. 

Soft, brown waves of silken hair 

P.irted o'er her brow; 
And a pair of violet eye.s, 
Aliv.iys full of pleased surprise. 

Or startled wonder now; 
These are hair and eyes of May — 
Our Baby May. 

Brow and neck, and cheeks and chin. 

Like lily petals fair; 
Little ears like pearly shells, 
Lips like tinted honey -fells 

Of hall-oped flow' rets rare; 
These are charms of Biby May — 
Our Baby May. 

Precions, darling, little one. 
Naught on earth's so sweet; 

Beiutiful and perfect all, 

From her deep fringed eyelids' fall 
To her dainty feet; 

"Like all babies," some may say; 
B It, oh! to us she's B>iby May — 
Our Baby May. 



For the Juvenile Instruetor. 

o h: J^ I?. J^ 3D E . 



BY J. K. CI.ARK. 



I am composed of IG letters. 
My 6, 15, 5, 0, 15, is the name of a river in Ohio. 
My 9, 7 10, is the name of a tree. 
My 14, 1], 10, 13, is the name of a common bird. 
My 4, 2, 3, 3. 7, 2, is a lady's name. 
My 1, 2, 14. 14, 2, is a name given to a pretty young lady. 
My 1,2, S, is a lamiliar nickname. 
My IG, 15, 14, 2 is the name of a river in Africa. 
My 5, 12, 13, 14, 2, is a part of the leg. 
And my whole is the name of a celebrated American Phi- 
losopher. 



Is publiBhod in Salt Lake City, Ut.ili Territory 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Sivfflc Copy, per Annum--" 
Single Copy, fur Six Months 



.8;?oo 

. 150 



JW It is cxpoctpd wliero nfronts forward n.imes tlipy will bo responsible 
for tlie p.apci-s tlms o-doml: :mil when f'nsli payments ,ire niiide tliey will 
plcnse fniwiiid tlieni wil li till! letter i-ontiiiiiiii- till- mimes of tlie subscribers. 

*5" Kld.r Will. H. Slieurniiin, l.offiiu, will aet as tfenenil Afe'ent lor 

"^ Oniii?hroii"lit to t' is Tify for tlie .Ifvr.NMi.p: Instrittor will be 
re.xeived at tlie ofiiee of our p-.-iier-Ui;.sK Kf Ninvs Itull.lM.Nus. 



3^iw^' 




