
nlhuss U i\t f^ril 















VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MARCH 1, 1873. 



NO. 5. 



THE ly: xj i=2.iD E I?. OIF j^G-:R,TF:E'Xi>r j^. 




IN another part of 
this number of the 
"iNsTUUi'Tmi" you 
liave some account of 
the Hivoritc anniso- 
iiients of the ancient 
Romans, from which 
j'ou 'will be able to 
form some idea of 
their character, both 
in a physical and 
mental point of view. 
In this sketch you 
will learn the particu- 
lars of the murder of 
Agrippina, wife of 
one and mother of 
another of their em- 
perors, which will 
help you still better 
to understand the 
character of that poo- 
l)le, and from both 
sketches you can form 
tolerably correct ideas 
about life in ancient 
Rome. 

The emi)ire of 
Rome was one of the 
most powerful that 
ever existed in the 
world. It was the 
last of the four great 
kingdoms of the 
world represented in 
the image seen in 
liis famous dream by 
Nebuchadnezzar,king 
of Babylon; and was 
typified in that image 
by the logs of iron. 
When in the hight 
of her greatness the 
arms of Rome were 
victorious in almost 
every land, and she 
was the acknowledg- 




ed mistress of the 
world. liut Rome 
was as wicked as 
]viwcrful, and this, 
as with all great na- 
tions of the past, was 
the causcof her down- 
fall; and this rule is 
no less applicable to 
the nations of to-day 
than to those of past 
ages. The rulers of 
Rome were amongst 
the worst men who 
ever held jiower in 
the world; as a body 
their record is pei'- 
haps the worst in 
existence. That re- 
cord shows that every 
crime, and every atro- 
city of which men 
could bo guilty was 
committed by one or 
other of them. Sev- 
eral of them were 
murdered when their 
crimes had disgusted 
tlie people, but their 
fate seemed to have 
no effect on their suc- 
cessors. 

One of the worst 
of these Roman rul- 
ers was Nero. Most 
of you have heard 
his name. It is sel- 
dom mentioned now 
without being associ- 
ated with the most 
exaggerated embodi- 
ment of all that is vic- 
ious and cruel in hu- 
man form. Agrippina 
was the name of 
Nero's mother. She 
was the worthy par- 





34: 



G" T7 "V E IsT 1 1-. B I IsT S TI2.TJ O T O I^ 




ent of such a son, for she was about as wicked as lie was, and 
the two will form the subject of this sketch. 

Before going further we will just call vour attention to the ac- 
compauyiog picture. Imagit-e, if you can, the situation of the 
woman in the boat. You can see fear and horror io every 
feature of her fiiec; and the sketch is no imaginary one, it is a 
striking illustration of an event in the life of Agrippina, the 
mother of Nero, which you will recognize in the course of this 
article. Nero's father w.is the first husband of Agripjjina. 
After his death she was married to her uncle, the Emperor 
Claudius, and then she had another son, who was called 
Britannicus. She persuaded Claudius to declare his step-son 
Nero his successor, when by right Britannicus, his owq son, 
ought to have been; but Britannicus was very young. Three 
years after her marriage with Claudius Agrippina poisoned 
him, that her .son Nero might become emperor. Iler scheme 
was successful and Nero succeeded his murdered relative. lie 
was then only between sixteen and seventeen years of age, and 
Agrippina, who was a very ambitious as well as very wicked 
woman, hoped that as Nero was so young she would be the real 
ruler of Jlome. But she was badly disappointed in this, and 
she threatened Nero that she would do what she could to have 
him dethroned, and the rightful heir, his half brother Britan- 
nicus made emperor. This caused the worst of feelings 
between this precious mother and son, and the latter determined 
that he would rid him.self of both mother and h:ilf-brother. 
To carry out this plan he invited his mother, his brother, and 
his sister ( )ctavia Ui a supjier at the royal jialace. 

Shortly after their arrival a cup of jtoisoned wine was handed 
Britannicus, which he drank, and a few minutes after he was 
seized witli convulsions. Agrippioa and some others were in 
great alarm for the young prince, but Nero witnessed his death 
struggle quite unconcerned, saying, he supposed it was a faint- 
ing fit the boy had. ]?ut he knew better, for in a few minutes 
Britannicus was dead. Nero gave orders to have him buried 
directly, and he contiuued the feast as if nothing had happened. 
Agrippina suspected the cause of her j-ounger sou's death, but 
she dared not say so, for fear of Nero. The estates of the dead 
prince, who was very wealthy, were taken possession of by Nero 
and parcelled out among his favorites. 

The niurder of Britannicus caused bis mother to hate her 
elder Son more tliau ever, and she made up her mind to have 
liim killed if jiossible and to put one of her favorites on the 
tiirone. Nero got to know that his mother was plotting against 
liim, and he determined to have her njurdered. Agrijipina 
lived at Antium, now called I'orto danzo, a seaport town, 
between thirty and forty miles from Jiome, on the coast of the 
Mediterranean. To enable him to carry out his devilish plan 
Nero got up a great feast in honor of his mother and invited 
her to it. Siie accepted the inviution. The feast was held at 
the town of Baiu-, a few miles from the city of Nalpes. It is 
now called Baja, and is in ruins. Nero received his mother 
with every mark of affection and respect. She treated liim in 
the same manner, and it might have i)een .sup|xised that they 
wore on the best of terms, while the truth was each one was 
plotting to murder the other. 

Nero had had a very beautiful barge prepared in which to 
send Ids mother from the feast by .sea on her homeward voyage. 
It was ti) be conducted by creatures whom he had hired to 
do the murder, and when fully out at sea, far enough to be 
t>eyond the roach of helj), the foul deed was to be committed. 

After the foast Nero went with his mother to the beach, aid 
saw her safely into the barge and floating away on the waters 
of the Medicjrranoan, the moon shining and beautiful music 
serenading her on her departure. Urer the barge was a canopy 
which was so made that on a spring being touched by the mur- 
derers, it would fall upon and kill tliosc in the barge, while in 
the bottom of the barge holes had been bored beforch'aDd so as 
to make jmre that it would speedily sink with all it contained 

O 



after the murder. Those who were to do the deed had a boat 
along in which they could escape. 

The voyagers traveled a few leagues, and at two hours (ifter 
midnight the historian says, the si)ring was touched and the 
canopy fell, crushing to death a lady who sat at the feet of 
Agrippina. Fortunately for the latter, however, the timbers 
fell so as to coyer without hurting her; and she, suspecting that 
this was the work of her son, lay still lest those employed by 
him to kill her should do so upon finding that she was yet 
alive. The murderers got into their boat and watched the 
scuttled barge with its struggling inmates sinking. One of the 
attendants of the empress, swimming in the water, implored 
these men to save her, and in hopes of inducing them to do so, 
declared that she was the empress. This sealed her doom, for 
the wretches struck her on the head with their oars or boat 
hooks, until she sank. Making sure that their work was done 
they returned to rejjort to their royal master, Nero. 

But after all Agrippina was not drowned, for just as the 
barge was sinking she caught a loose plank or piece of timber, 
and on this she floated until the break of day, when she was 
liicked up by some fishermen and taken to her house at Antium. 

la her own mind she accused her son Nero of this plot to 
destroy her, but as if she believed quite to the contrary, she 
sent him word that she had had a terrible accident on her trip 
home, but thanks to the gods, she had been preserved. Nero 
was thunderstruck, and feeling assured that she would take 
jn'ompt measures in revenge for his attempt to cause her death; 
he at once sent a band of murderers to her house, with the 
most positive orders tj kill her. They reached her palace at 
night, after she had retired to rest. They went to her r.iom, 
and one of them struck her on the head with a bludgeon, and 
the others stabbed her to the heart with their daggers. 

When the murder became known Nero sent word to the 
Senate that he had had his mother killed because he had learn- 
ed that she had formed a plan to kill him, and this was an end 
of the matter. 

Nero committed many other murders after this, liis sister 
Octavia, and his wife Poppea, whom he kicked to death, being 
among Lis victims. Finally the Romans got tired of him, and 
the Senate sentenced him to death. In great fear he fled from 
his palace to the house of one of his creatures, and after spend- 
ing a night there, dreading that every step \\?, heard was that of 
an executioner, he was discovered next day by those in search 
of him, and to prevent himself falling into their hands he stab- 
bed himself to death, being then about ol years of age. 

Such incidents as the above furnish a due to the character 
of the old Ilomans. It is said that when the murder of Agrip- 
l)ina became known the public mind was shocked, but the mur- 
derer was not punished. Who can wonder that a nation which 
would permit and commit such outrageous crimes should decline, 
or thai its greatness and grandeur should fade and die? It 
is with nations as with individuals, nothing can elevate and 
preserve but virtue, honor and integrity. Holy Writ declares 
that the wicked shall be turned into hell, with all the nations 
that forsret God. 



H 



G H: TJ I?. G HI. 

{Vonlinucd.) 



T H '.E 



rplIJIOI'liII the intercession cf Judge J. K. Kane, of 
i I'liiladeljihia, the father of Colonel Thomas L. Kane, 
(whose fair and truthful statement of the situation of the Saints 
when driven out from Nauvoo, was concluded in the last num- 
ber) permission was obtained, from the President and Depart- 
ment of Indian Afl'airs at Washington, for the Saints to remain 
during the winter on the lands of the J 'ottawatomies. C-olonel 
Kane, when detained among the Saints some time previously 





--nIK 



w: 



GTTJ^ElsrirjE IIsTSTI^TJOTOie,. 



35 



(t: 




by sickness, received such kind treatment from them that he 
wished to repay it by using his influence in their favor, and 
especially to secure to them the right of remainiug ■where they 
had established their winter quarters until they could proceed 
on their journey. Sickness had prevented him from doing 
so himself, but his father had acted for him^ as was shown by 
the result. On recovering from his sickness. Colonel Kane 
wrote to Elder Willard Richards that he also intended to secure 
a lease from the government of the Omaha lands on which some 
of the Saints were located, and said: "Trust me, it is not 
fated that my forces shall depart before I have righted you at 
the seat of government, and have at least assured to you a 
begioning of justice besides an end of wrong." 

At the time the Saiuts were forced to leave Nauvc o, those 
who took part with them, or were friendly with them, and who 
were termed by the mob "Jack Mormons," also had to leave. 
Immediately after their expulsion, this class of persons appeal- 
ed to Governor Ford to use his influence to reinstate them in 
their possessions. The Governor all at once grcAv valiant, 
summoned a posse of one hundred and forty men, and marched 
into and took possession of Nauvoo. Whether he did this from 
a desire to see justice meted out to at least a portion of the 
innocent citizens of Nauvoo, or with a view to display his 
authority in an ostentatious manner, and hoping to make it 
appear to the public that he was not, nor ever had been, 
remiss in attending to his duties, we will not say; but he 
certainly did not act with becoming dignity while in Nauvoo, 
for he spent a great portion of his time carousing with the lead- 
ing members of the mob party there. But though he might 
have been in favor of and on friendly terms with them, the mob 
forces generally did not feel so well towards him, for the favor 
ho had shown the "Jack Mormons." The mob held a meet- 
ing in Carthage, at which resolutions were passed to the effect 
that as soon as the Governor's troops should leave Nauvoo the 
''Jack Mormons" should bo again expelled and even "less ten- 
derly than they were before." These resolutions were publish- 
ed in their organs, the Wamaw Signal and the Qi'iiw;/ W/iiff. 
A few days subsequently the mob held a meeting in Nauvoo 
and warned the "Jack Mormons" that they must sell out their 
projierty to them at some agreed valuation and then leave the 
eitj', or they would again expel them. The "Jack Mormons," 
however, did not seem disposed to accept the terms, but pre- 
ferred running the risk of being driven. Ten womou, repre- 
senting themselves as a "committee of the Anti-5Iormon 
women of Hancock Co.," waited upon Governor Ford, and 
presented him with a package which, when opened, proved to 
contain a petticoat, expressive of the contempt in which they 
held him. The action of the Governor did not make matters 
any better for the sale of the property of the Saints in Nauvoo, 
for the disposal of which A. W. Babbitt, J. L. Heywood and 
J. S. Fullmer remained in Nauvoo. Ihough they had still 
some hopes of being able to sell or lease the Temple and some 
other property, there was poor encouragement for them to 
stay there longer when they saw how little influence fur 
good the Governor wielded, and the still rabid dispositiou of the 
mob. 

During the mouth uf November the Mormon Battalion suS'er- 
ed severely from scarcity of food. Many were also sick. Ou 
the 10th Lieut. W, W. Willis was orderc-d to return to Santa 
Fc with all the sick — fifty-six in inimber, and they accordingly 
.started back with one wagon, four yoke of jioor oxen and 
rations suflicicnt to last the men only five days, to go a journey 
of three hundred miles. The parting of these men with their 
I'umrades was very affecting. They had become endeared to 
one another by the ties of the gosjiel and the association of the 
journey, and the chances were strong against their ever meeting 
again. In proceeding on their journey the battalion were 
reduced to such straits for food that to slay their hunger they 
cut up raw hide in fine pieces and made soup of it. The poor 



work oxen that were used to draw the wagons when so reduced 
in flesh that they presented the spectacle of walking skeletons 
and were forced to give up from sheer exhaustion, were utilized 
in the only way they could be then — they were killed and dis- 
tributed among the starving men, who ate every particle of 
them that could be eaten with an avidity and relish diSicult to 
be imagined by any person who has not experienced what 
those men then did — starvation. Wheuunablo to find other 
food to subsist upon, some of them actuj^lly plucked the wool 
from the sheepskins that were used under their pack-saddles, 
and then roasted the hides and ate them. They had to cross 
deserts in their march, traveling at times all day long and even 
then camping at night without finding water, with which to 
quench their thirst. The guides who accompanied them were 
unacquainted with the country through which they passed, 
never having traveled the route before. They had branched ofi' 
from the road and were trying to find a new and shorter route 
to California than that leading through the settlements of 
Souora, much farther to the south. Colonel Cooke, the ofiicer 
in command, told his men that he had seen hard service as a 
private soldier, and endured forced marches with his knapsack 
on his back, but his suffering would not compare with those of 
the men under his command. The endurance of every man was 
put to the test, and quite a number of them were forced to 
succumb, as their swollen tongues and parched lips attested 
their extreme thirst, or their worn out constitutions failed to 
furnish the strength to proceed further. 
( To he continued.) 






W 
^ 



[for tbe iT^ui'Ou'f Jnsl'iict r. 



Be l^iutl and polite, in whatever j'ou do, let gentle behavioui' be seen 

yo.ii- life tlirougb. 
A polite or liind word, liow little it roste, and to t^ciiBifive natures it 

never is lost; 
Tliere is so much ol sorrow and pain in ILIb life, we ever sliould shun 

all that savors of strife. 
Let us flee from the evil, ever strive tu do right, renicmherini; this 

motto, " lie kind and polite." 

The smallest of ehildreu are easily' taught to value a Uind word, and 

know that they ought 
To ever speak gently, to aged or youne, and ne'er let a i nde iv. ,rd \:r. 

heard from their tongue. 
I once knew a child, though her mother was po(]r, yet slie taught her 

young lips kind words to eon o'er; 
When sent on an errand }"ou'd hear her sweet voice, sayinu, "please 

marm, will you n)3- mother olilige. 

As she grew into girlhood, she still was tiie same, she loved (o speak 

kind to t'le .aged and lame; 
Yet she oft was reviled, 'cause she strove to do riulil, liy those who 

ne'er learned to be kind and polite. 
The gentle instructions by that motlier u'iven, in time will prepare h'>r 

dear one for heaven; 
And she ne'er will regret, that, morn, nonn ami niu'lit, she lam^hl hf-r 

youup; child to I'e kind and polite. 

A kind word to the poor, how much ijood it will do; 'Iwill make them 

rejoice as they trouble pass through; 
^ ou can teach them by kindness, you'll n.d, be firgot, though poor le 

their clothing and humble their lot. 
(io visit the sick room, and there 'tis the same, you'll llud Ihat i^y 

kinduess you can oft soothe their pain; 
Wherever you go you can make troubles light, by'adopfing this motto, 

"Be kind and poUle." Mks. A. Raxpall. 

SpANipn YOKK, Fclirunry lei, I'i'i;!. 





jr TJ "V" El n^ I L E IlsTSTI^TJOTOie/, 





CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUKDAY, MARCH 1, 1873. 
EIDITOI^I^Il. THOTJCS-HITS. 





HE i'atbcr uf lies still lives, and his servants 
are as active as ever, and owiii^ to the 
Jiirs of the latter and the inspiration of 
the former the Latter-day >^aints in the 
liueky ^Mountains are again the objects of 
considerable attention from the jir ss, pul- 
pit and government of the country. ''All 
are talking of Utah" once more, and it 
^j/J^SJ '^'"-'* ''*^'-'"' -'^ i^" '' '■■* iiu possible for tiie world 
y; to let '■Mormonisni" alone. This is one of its 
]^ most striking peculiarities. No matter what 
course its followers may jiursuc they are not 
allowed to enjoy the peace which they covet. 
I)rivcn by the hand of ruthless persecution to 
the fastnesses of the liocky Mount;tins— a thou- 

sind miles from the comforts of civilized life — they 

l i^'*^ made homes and added a Territory to the nation by 
v^'i^v's! their industry and euterprise, and the greatest privilege 
they ask or iiave ever asked, is to be iiermitted to 
enjoy tiieir inalienable rights, but this is too miich; and 
although their course as good and loyal citizens of the Kei'ublic 
is and always has been utterly beyond reproach in every 
respect, sliil the nation resounds every little while with cries 
about tile wickedness of the "iMormon" people and tlieir 
hostility to the (iencral (ioveniment. This is the case just 
now, and never since the Church was organized has there been 
so niucli of a disposition manifested by some of the law makers 
of tlie nation to deprive llic ".^birmon" people of the liberties 
and privileges they have worked so hard for, and which th<!y 
have siiown llicmselves so well able to use. Thank f lod, Iww- 
ever, that now as much as ever, while nun may i)ropose lie 
will dispos.-, and tiidUgh the clouds seem to be gathering over 
the iSaiiits thick and dark, they will be only the precursors or 
fore-runners of brighter and happier days to the faithful. 

That our young readers may sec; that in the above there is no 
e.\aggeration, We will, in this article, give them some inforuja- 
tiiin as to the nature cpf the crusade now being comuicneed. 
.^^l.<>t of llieui know something about the nature of the last, in 
which the judges .sent here by the govcninie!it endeavored, in 
vi'ilation of every iirinciple ol' justice, which they, above all 
mi'n, ought In le-peet and n vere, to deprive the citizens of this 
'IVrrilory of liMtli life ami liberty, and to plungi' thousands of 
wiimen and children iiiln distress. This wnuM have been the 
psult of thi'ir I'lurse if it liid nut been checki^d by a decision of 
the iSiipiCMii; Court of tlie Coiled tStat<;s, a decision wiiiili i.ol 
only covered with d'fa', l»ut also cxpo.scd the guilt and flly 
of these unjust men. 

It is now projHmed, however, by means of tjic bills which 
have been introduced into tiie House of Representatives and 
into the U. i3. Senate, at the cily of Wa-vhington to make it 
lawful for ttic Fedenil officrrs to carry out the purposes tlii'y 
bcf( re attempted witlinul law. To show how li.xod this i>ur- 
po.sc seems to be we need only say that not less than j^i.x bills 
have been inlnducd — three in the Senate and (hrec in the 
House of Kepres'Tilatives— for the purjMise, as thity .set forth, 
"of enforcing the laws in Utah," and particularly and above 
all a law against polygamy. 



The provisions of most of those bills are of such an outrageous 
character that if any one of them, as introduced, should become 
law it would deservedly rank among the most monstrous and 
oppressive legislation ever enacted by any body of men iu any 
age or nation, and it would certainly be a disgrace to ours. 
The bill introduced by Senator Freliughuyscn is a sample of, 
but is jierhaps a trifle worse than, the others. The following 
arc auioug the leading features of this bill, as reported by tele- 
graph : 

The U. S. 3Iarshal shall form all juries, no matter whether 
the cases to be tried arise under Territorial or United States 
laws; all probate judges are to be appointed by the governor, 
instead of by the Legislature, as hitherto; and they may be 
removed at the pleasure of his excellency; the probate courts 
will not bo allowed to try any criminal or divorce cases, or to 
issue writs of habeas corpus, aud their power in other respects 
will be very limited; the same jurymen may be used in different 
districts of the Territory, aud in the same court term after term; 
all the election laws passed by the Territorial legislature will be 
repealed; the woaen of Utah will not be allowed to vote; the 
charters of all the cities iu the Territory will be annulled, and 
the legislature will co longer have the power to appoint Terri- 
torial officers, such officers to be appointed only by the gov- 
ernor. The bill contains many more obnoxious clauses, and if 
it should be passed the people of Utah will be reduced to a con- 
dition of the most ga'ling slavery, they will be at the mercy of a 
fjw men— clothed with the authority of this powerful government 
— whoso only object and whoso self-assumed mission is to 
uproot and destrjy " Monuonism," at all hazards, regardless of 
the injustice of their course or of the suffering aud misery which 
their proceedings will produce if they are enabled to carry out 
the pr. •gramme. 

The rock upon which the plotters and schemers against the 
])caee aud liberties of the Saints here were shipwrecked and 
defeated in their last crusade was in relation to the formatii n 
of juries. The judges held and ruled that the U. S. Marshal 
and he only had the right to cmpannel juries, no matter 
whether to try cases arising under the laws of the United 
States or of the Territory; the Territorial judicial authorities 
held that for cases arising under the laws of the Territory the 
Territorial 3Iarshal, and he alone, had authority to summon 
ju&>rs. The question was taken to the Supreme Court at 
Washington, to be decided, and the result was in favor of the 
Teiritoiy. 

All of us who have lived in Utah the past two or three years 
know that men have been chosen for jurymen, who, there was 
every reason to believe, would convict a "j^lormon" because he 
was a "Mormon," if for no other reason; and if any of the bills 
now pending in Congress should become law a worse state of 
things will result than would have done formerly by usuri)ation, 
lor when once a suitable jury, that is a convicting jury, is 
secured, it can bo retained term after term of the court, and 
even removed from district to district if detired, neither of 
which could be done before, and hence there is reason to expiet 
that with the increase of i)owcr granted to officials, if the worst 
of these bills i)ass, thire will bi an ineriase of oppression and 
injustice. 

Tiie chief magistrate of (he nation is said to be in favor of 
very ,'stringciit measures with the "iMormons," and the telegraph 
dis|iatches of late have contained several items stating that 
troops had been ordered to leave other places, and that they 
would be stationed at some jioiiit not very far distant from Salt 
liake City, to be "in readiness to assist iu i^uforeiug the laws" 
in Utah. 

However much eerlain parties may favor <ippression and har^-h 
treatment of the "Murnions," it is hardly likely that the 
majority of an enlightened body of men such as comjiose the 
Senate and House of JJeprcsenlalives of the United States will 
pass such bills as (hose now propiiscd, for such legislation 





0" TJ ^ E nsr I Ij Ei IliTSTI^TJOTOie/. 



37 




would disgrace the United States in the estimation of all 
civilized nations, and brand those who enacted it as bigots of 
the most unrelenting character, and who had assumed functions 
they were incompetent to fill when they undertook to pass laws 
for the government of the free people of a great nation. It is 
not improbable, however, that some law or laws will be passed 
with the view of putting a stop to plural marriage among the 
members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in 
Utah, and of overthrowing "Mormonism." But whatever 
measures may be contemplated or passed with this design, the 
issues of all men's actions are in the hands of the Supreme; 
and if He, in His wisdom, permit dark clouds to gather over, 
or persecution to rage against and afflict His people once 
more, it is a fact that Time will demonstrate that all will be 
overruled by Him to the dishonor of its originators and 
endorsers; for the glory of His name and the progress of His 
cause and Kingdom. 




■**\T7E have received, within the past few weeks, a number of 
YY letters from the country containing orders for the Juven- 
ile Instructor for three or 
six months, with cash accom- 
panying to pay therefor. 
Some of the parties sending 
these orders say it is their 
intention to renew their sub- 
scription as soon as it expires, 
for they wish to obtain the 
full volumes. We have a 
great desire to accommodate 
all our friends, and for this 
purpose have reduced the 
price of our little journal, so 
that it may be within the 
reach of as many as possible; 
but if we fill the orders above 
referred to it may be a loss to 
both publisher and subscri- 
bers, and it is desirable that 
this should be avoided. Sup- 
pose that we receive two or 
three hundred orders for the 
J uvENiLE Instructor fur 
three and six months, and 
we have that number of ad- 
ditional cojjies printed. Im- 
mediately upon the exi)iration 
of the time for which they are 
ordered, if not renewed prior 
to that time, the printing of 
this number would have to 
be promptly stoiijwd. We 
should be compelled to adojit 
this course to prevent loss ou 
succeeding issues, for some 
might not wish to continue 
their subscriptions beyond the 
three or six mouths. Others 
might desire to continue on 
for the entire year, but unless 
their second subscription were 
forwarded before the first finislRd, they could not i)rocure tjie 
numbers issued in the time intervening between the expiration of 
their first order and the reeci)ti(in of tlieir second, and hence we 
or they would have on hand broken volumes. We therefore take 
this opportunity of informing (lur friends that, to oblige all as 
far as lies in our power, we will henccfureh receive orders for 
the Juvenile Instructor for six months, to commence only 
with the first number of the first or second half of the volume. 



ISnST'T IT 






:foi?> J^ 




HEEE is a sketch, which was perhaps meant to be put into 
a book for youthful readers, but it is full of meaning, and 
teaches an excellent lesson, a lesson, too, that is not for children 
but for adults. "Isn't it Worse for a Man?" Look at the 
scene depicted by the artist, and you will at once see the force 
of the question, and you can only give one answer, and that 
answer, " Yes." There is the father, with his bright intelli- 
gent little son. They are taking a walk together, perhaps on 
their way to church, or it may be that the father is taking his 
son to school, for the little fellow has some books under his arm, 
either prayer or hymn books for religious services, or 
school books. They are both well dressed, and belong to the 
respectable portion of society, and the father, like all good 
fathers, is anxious to have his dear little son learn good lessons, 
that he may become a useful and honorable man. 

During their ramble they meet some rough, ragged little 
urchins, who look as if they spend most of their time in the 

streets, and are left to take 
care of themselves. There 
are plenty of such boys in all 
cities outside of Utah. They 
grow up as wild and vicious 
as unbrokdTi colts, and they 
very early learn to swear and 
smoke, and take to other bad 
ways. You see the boys in 
the picture are STnoking, and 
if you could hear them talk 
there is no doubt you would 
hear them using bad woids, 
for boys who learn to smoke 
generally learn to swear. 
There seems to be a close 
relationship between the two. 
Here is a good chance for 
the father to talk to his son, 
for good impressions once 
made on the youthful mind 
stay there, and where is there 
a father, who has sufficient 
intelligence to coujprehend his 
responsibilities, who has not 
taken such opportunities in 
hopes of benefitting his child ? 
The one in the picture is just 
that kind of a man, and he 
tells the little fellow how improper it is for boys to use pipes 
and tobacco, as they arc doing. But he had to take the cigar 
out of his mouth before he could tell bis child about the evils of 
this haliit. Can anything be more inconsistent? The father 
does not seem to feel or understand his position. _ But chil- 
dren's powers of observation are in full iilay, and his son sees 
it and gives expression thereto by saying " Isn't it worse for a 
man?" Of course it's worse for a man, who can deny it? 
Children are without experience, and through ignorance they 
often copy the evil haliits of those who are much older than 
they are and who ought to set them belter examples; and when 
tliey do they should bo pitied and excused ratlier than puui'shed, 
fur they are the victims of circumstances. But can grown peo- 
ple be excused for the same reason? No, and hence it may 
well lie said to those among them who are guilty of habits for 
which children are reproved, " is'nt it worse for a man?" 

The reproof conveyed by such a ((uestion under circumstances 
similar to those we are now considering is very severe, and is 
worthy the attention of all parents, but especially of parents in 
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, for none have 





38 



J-TJ'VEllSrinL.E] IISrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 




the opportunity of knowing so •well as thc^y, the responsibilities 
of parentage. Scores of times they have heard the servants of 
God condemn the use of all hot and intoxicating drinks, and 
tobacco, and of adopting the follies and fashions of the ■world; 
yet very many still use the former and adopt the latter. Do 
such parents do their duty to their children? They do not, 
and they will be held accountable for their neglect iu these 
respects. Can they warn their children of the folly of pursu- 
ing such a course? Not consistently, for however good precept 
<ir teaching may bo it has but little weight without example. 
This is unfortunately too much the case with older folks. No 
matter how sound or wholesome the teachings they hear, many 
of them are so unwise as to be influenced by the examples of 
some, perhaps, whose practice is not near so good as their 
teachings. If this is the case with people of mature years, 
who know enough and ought to be wise enough to do right for 
the love of it, disregarding entirely the conduct of those around 
them, who can wonder that children are so influenced? 

It should be the constant aim of parents and of all who have 
children under their control not only to preach good doctrines 
to their children, but to set before them good examples, and 
liarticularly at home. Children are always learning, and 
home is their greatest school, either for good or evil. If 
the examples of parents in word and deed, to their children, 
be not above reproach, then the former fail to discharge, in a 
manner creditable to themselves, the weighty responsibilities 
resting upon them. Under such circumstances vain will be 
any eS'orts they may occasionally make to rear their children in 
the way they should go. Inconsistencies of this kind can not 
be concealed from the quick eyes and ears of children; and 
those who are guilty of them need not wonder if at some time 
they hear the juvenile iiuestioncr saying, "Well, if these things 
be wrong for us, arc they any less so for you?" Or, in the 
language of the chill in the iiicturc, "Isn't it worse for a man?" 



[For me Juicnile Imtructor. 






TiiE ^tiv<iosi=h:ek.e. -3^ro. 2. 



VfO one knows the size of the volume of air by which the 
J 1 earth is surrounded, the must daring aeronauts (as those 
who a.sccnd in balloons arc called) have not ascended into the 
atmosphere as high as the stratum flf air which surrounds our 
highest mountains, conseiiucntly the exact condition of the air 
h only known to that bight. There the atmosphere is found 
to contain the xiuk pruporli'in of nitrogen and oxygen, but the 
air is much lighter, the lightness increasing with the hight. 
We may remember that .soap bubbles rise iu and are sujijiortcd 
in the air, they are supported in the same manner that balloons 
arc. The S4jap bubble Ls supported by heated air blown in from 
the lungs; warm air is specitically lighter than cold thorefure it 
ascends and will remain suspended until it cools to the tempera- 
ture of the atmosphere. As a general thing balloons are 
inflated with a gas that is specifif-ally lighter tlian air, hydrogini 
bring the best bccau.sc it is the lightest. A large balloon was 
used by Montgolfier, a name that is famous as the finst success- 
ful balloonist; he u.wd rarcGed, that is heated air, in an 
enormous machine holding many thousand feet of gas. This 
globe, or "balloon," as it was called, mounted into the air to the 
bight of several thousand feet. To gratify curiosity this rudr 
I rintrivancc is now frcijuently resorted to. For ascending to great 
bights hydrogen is used. For general exhibitions in largo towu.« 
where there are gas works, the ordinary gas is u.scd, now we 
have this convenience at hand perhaps we may have balloons. 



In Paris, during the late war, balloons were used for sending 
letters from the besieged citizens to their distant friends, so 
that the atmosphere can carry messages tor man. 

There are several things wanted to be known by man respect- 
ing the atmosphere, viz.^ the difference of temperature, the 
amount of moisture, the quantity of carbonic acid gas, the 
magnetic intensity etc. at different elevations. Very lately it 
has been stated that an electrical stratum exi.sts at a certain 
hight in the air, and that it may be u.sed for transmitting mes- 
sages, in the manner of the electric telegraph, only much more 
expeditiously. This would certainly be a cheap and a desirable 
mode of transporting intelligence if we could be sure the right 
me'=sage would always be delivered. This is no new discovery 
as to the existence of electricity, which was proved by the 
immortal Franklin, he used a kite to collect and be the conductor 
to the earth of the electric fluid; as to the iitilkation of this 
vast depository of electric energy, that remains to be proved. 

It is said that at 300 feet above the level of the sea there is a 
difference of a degree in temperature; after ascending to this 
hight an additional 295 feet of elevation causes the temperature 
to be lowered another degred; at greater hights the coldness 
increases in a greater ratio, so that at a certain hight the tem- 
persture is far too cold for man to exist. Aeronauts have been 
subjected to dreadful sufferings, at times, in consequence of the 
intense cold. 

Clouds and fogs are watery particles floating in the air; dew 
is the condensation of the vapor existing in the air; rain is the 
vapor of the atmosphere condensed by cold, the union of minute 
particles forms the drops which increase in weight till they fall 
to the earth. In falling through the air water collects any 
impurities there may be; this is one reason why rain water is 
not chemically jiure. Even nitric acid is found in rain water at 
times, this is formed by electric action, nitrogen and oxygen 
combine to form that powerful acid; sulphuric acid is also col- 
lected in the neighborhood of large manufacturing cities. Snow 
is water in a crystalline state; hail is congealed rain. The atmos- 
phere has weight, but we do not perceive it as we are sur- 
rounded and even our bodies are filled with air particles. This 
proiicrty of the air is investigated by means of an instrument 
called a barometer, the nature of which may be explained iu 
the next number. Beth. 






NO people ever carried their Jove for theatrical, or amphi- 
theatrical exhibitions to so great length as the ancient 
Bomaus; their exhibitions were, however, of a different char- 
acter to those of to-day. Now many of the pieces presented in 
theatres arc immoral, and in almost all parts of the world 
theatres are regarded as places designed chiefly for the encour- 
agemen of vice and immorality; and this is why religious peo- 
ple, generally, are so much ojiposcd to them. But the exhibi- 
tions of the old Romans were of the most brutal and blood- 
thirsty character. They consisted of combats in which men 
fought with and killed each other, or fought with and killed, or 
were devoured by, lions, tigers, bears, wolves, wild boars etc. 
Before these combats commenced the animals were kept long 
enough without food to make them more than commonly savage 
and ferocious. 

These exhibitions were held iu large amiihitheatres, buildings 
airanged something after the fashion of a good theatre now-a- 
dav's, only much larger, and without roofs, the spectators being 
out doors. Many of these jilaces were built by the Romans, in 
different jjortions of their douiinions, the ruins of the most 
famous, the Cohseum, being now in the city of Rome itself. 
It was commenced by the Emperor Vespasian, and finished by 
his .son Titus, the general who commanded the Roman army 



..:> 






Jl 




v 



crxj'VEisrii-iEi xisr&TTtuoTGTt, 



£9 



c^' 




which laid seige to and destroyed Jerusalem, and caused the 
destruction of so many Jews, about forty years after the cruci- 
fixion of the Redeemer. This building was large enough to 
seat nearly a hundred thousand spectators. 

The rulers and great men of Home used to siiend millions of 
money in the erection of these buildings, and in the capture of 
wild animals of every description to take part in these shows 
for the people. Extraordinary accounts are given by historians 
of the number of beasts slain in a single day in these amphi- 
theatres. At the dedication of the Coliseum we are told that 
from five to sis thousand were killed. The Emperor Probus, 
who lived in the third century of the Christian era, had large 
trees torn up by the roots and transplanted into one of these 
amphitlieatres, giving it the appearance of a forest. A 
thousand stags, and a thousand each of fallow deer, wild boars 
and ostriches were then turned loose into this forest for the 
people to slaughter as they saw proper. Tliis was the sport of 
one day. On the day following a hundred lions, the .same num- 
ber of lionesses, two hundred leopards and three hundred 
Viears were slaughtered. 

Another of the lloman emperors, named Gordiao, turned into 
the arena, at one time, twenty zebras, ten elks, ten camelopards, 
thirty hyenas from Africa, and ten tigers from India. 

The human beings who took part in these combats were 
cither jjrofessional gladiators or fighters, or slaves and criminals 
doomed to death lor crimes. jMany of the early Christians 
were condemned to die in this horrible manner, a notable 
instance being that of St. Ignatius, Bishop of Antioch, who 
was condemned to be devoured by lions during the persecu- 
tions of the Christians, sanctioned by the Emperor Trajan, who 
lived in the first century of the Christian era. Ignatius was 
brought before Trajan, and during his examination the Emperor 
said to him, "Post thou, then, carry Him who was crucified 
within thee." The prisoner answered, " I do, for it is written 
'I dwell in them and walk in them.' " The Roman emperor 
then passed the following sentence, ''Since thou confessest that 
thou earnest within thyself Hiiu who was crucified, we adjudge 
that thou be taken from hence to Rome, and delivered over to 
wild beasts in the presence of our people." 

Ignatius, it is said, longed to crown the devotion of his life 
with the glory of martyrdom, and after his condemnation 
rejected the intercession of several influential Romans. It was 
his hope, he said, that the lions w uld consume him utterly, 
and that not a fragment of his vile worldly body might be left. 
When he was led to execution, he marched exulting and 
triumphant, attended by a number of the brethren praying and 
chanting hymns. He prayed that the persecution then raging 
against the Christians might be terminated and that the love of 
the brethreaitowards each other might continue. Then he was 
led into the amphitheatre, and delivered to the raging lions. 
And his hope was fulfilled — the beasts became his grave. 
Only a few bones were left, which the deacons reverently 
gathered, carefully preserved, and afterwards buried at Antioch. 

A much more pleasing .story in connection with these exhibi- 
tions, is related by an old writer, and unlikely as it .seems, it is 
said to have been a real and not a fanciful occurrence, and _is 
related on the authority of Aulus Gellius, a Roman grammarian 
and writer who flourished about the middle of the second cen- 
tury. But true or false, it is beatitiful, and we have no doubt 
you will read it with great interest. It is as follows, and is called 

ANDROCLUS AND TIIE I.ION. 

One day, says the authority above montioned, as they were 
entertaining the people at Rome with the fighting of .some wild 
beasts, and especially lions of an unu.sual size, there was one 
amongst the rest which, by its furious aspect, by the strength 
and largeness of its limbs, and by its loud and drca^il^oaring, 
attracted the eyes of all that were prei 

Among the .slaves that were brougl 



battle of the beasts, was one Androclus of Dacia, who belonged 
to a Roman nobleman of consular dignity. This lion perceiving 
him at a distance, first made a sudden stop, as it were with a 
look of admiration, and then softly advanced nearer in a gentle 
and peaceable manner, as if it desired to be acquainted with 
him. This done, and being now assured that he was the man 
it wanted, the lion began to wag its tail, as dogs do when they 
fawn upon their masters, and fell to kissing and licking the 
hands and legs of the poor wretch, who was quite beside him- 
self, and half dead with fear; but being, by this kindness of the 
lion, a little come to himself, and haviiig taken so much heart 
as to look at the beast, and to make much of it, it was a singu- 
lar pleasure to see the caresses of joy that pa.'83d between them. 
The people breaking into loud acclamations at this sight, the 
emperor caused the slave to be called to him, in order to know 
from him the cause of so strange an occurrence, and he gave 
him this strange and wonderful relation : — 

'' My master," said he, ''being a proconsul in Africa, I was 
constrained by his cruel usage of me, as he caused me to be 
beat every day, to steal from him and run away. And, in 
order to hide myself securely from a person of so great 
authority in the province, I thought it my best way to fly to 
the sandy and solitary deserts of that country, with a resolution, 
that if I could get nothing to suppot life, I would some way or 
other despatch it. The sun being so burning hot at noon that 
it was intolerable, I accidentally found a private, and 
almost an inaccessible cave, into which I went. Soon after, 
this lion came to it, with one paw wounded and bleeding; and 
the smart it endur3d made it complain and groan. Its approach 
terrified me very much; but no sooner had he spied me lurking 
in a corner of its den, but it came to me very gently, holding 
up its wounded paw to my sight, as if it begged my assistance. 
I then drew out a great thorn from it, and, growing a little 
familiar with it, I squeezed the wound, pressed out the foul 
matter that was gathered in it, wiped it, and cleansed it in the 
best manner I could. The lion, finding its pain assuaged, and 
the cause of it removed, laid itself down to rest, and slept all 
the time with his paw in my hands. From that time forward, 
the lion and I lived together in this den for three whole years 
upon one and the same diet; for, of the beasts whch it killed 
in hunting it brought me the best pieces, which I roasted in 
the sun for want of a fire, and then ate them. At length, being 
quite tired with this brutal, savage life, as the lion was gone out 
one day, as usual, in search of its prey, I set out from its den; 
and on the third day after my departure was seized by soldiers, 
who brought me to this city from Africa, and delivered me up 
to my master, who presently condenmcd nie to die, and to be 
exposed to the wild beasts." 

This was the story as related by Androclus to the Emperor 
Tiberius, who caused him to be set at liberty, and presented 
him with the lion. He might afterwards be seen leading the 
generous animal, by nothing but a string, from tavern to tavern 
at Rome, and receiving the bounty of the people, the lion being 
so gentle as to suflTer itself to be covered witli the flowers that 
were thrown upon it, while every one that met them cried, 
"There goes the lion that protected the man!" and "There 
goes the man that cured the lion 1" 



.A. B^BIT 



[For (ho Jiirrnil- hislniulo 

SOHLOOL. 



WHILE in Paris, after having called on the " Prefecteur," 
President G. A. Smith received from him a note author- 



izing him and party to visit all or any of the schools in Paris 
We visited several with much interest, but were most amused 

with the one I am about to describe to the .young readers of the 
jaent f'^^Oh'i yj-ffc Ju»mr,^jNSTRi:cTOB. It was composed of boys and girls 

wSfiRBTcaSS/^n^'Us.v [ Mjait^tielo (DtBocfiti^ age. 



— ■* *^ ^ '^"^ I. UTAH 



c> 



40 



j-tj"v^e:^ile iivrsTi^TJOTOi?/. 



>1 




As -we approached the door of the schoolroom, we were 
charmed with the sound of many infantile voicss, united in 
singing sweetly, as none but children can sing. We took 
them by surprise, for our visit had not been announced. 

The schoolroom was large and the scats, all facing the same 
way, were elevated one above another, with the largest children 
ou the upper row, and all sated in gradation, down to the 
lowest, on which the little things looked like more babies. 

Our entrance did not seem to create the least excitement— no 
one moved out of phice; and when called upon by their head 
teacher,'who was a middle-aged, amiable-appearing women, to 
give specimens of exercises, they responded without hesitation. 
We heard several of the eldest and some pretty small ones 
read, and saw specimens of writing on the blackboard. I readily 
pronounced the manner good, but could not judge of the mutlcf 
for it was all French. They sang several pieces for our amuse- 
ment, in which the whole sc'iool joined, even to the smallest bady. 

I noticed three aisles, one through the centre of the rows of 
seats, and one at each end, so that the whole school could move 
out, without confusion. Indeed, order seemed to be a very 
prominent feature in this school discipline, which we had a fine 
opportunity for witnessing. 

It so happened that we wore there at noon, the children's 
liinch time, and we saw them march in single file — the largest 
going in front, and so along down — each placing hands on the 
shoulders of the one in front, and all singing merrily, ns they 
went into a large adjoining room. This room had seats through 
the ce Ure, and up and down the sides, and under the side scats 
were deposited neat little covered baskets with lunch; and as 
the children marched, under the direction of the teachers, 
around this room in slow, regular order, each one took up his or 
her lunch basket, swung it on the arm and marched on until 
the last baby-child had got hers. Some were too small to look 
after their biskets, and in these cases the larger ones took them 
ui> and gave them to their little owners 

It required quite a length of time for this; and, as a matter of 
course, children in school from half past eight in the morning 
till twelve, as these had been, must be hungry, it required a 
good deal of practice in self-denial to wait the projicr time for 
eating. I watched them clusely, but did not detect one child 
prying into a basket until the last one was seated. Then all at 
once stopped singing and raising the lids of their baskets com- 
menced to devour the contents, and with as much chit-chat and 
sociability as a group of philosophers; with the exception of a 
few who were out of health. These the matron called into a 
.small adjoining room which seemed to .serve as a drug shop, 
and dealt out tit each a dose of cod liver oil, befure they 
lunched. 

I took the liberty of cxaniioiDg their baskets and found their 
lunch generally to consist of bread and butter and a bottle of 
wine, which, in this country, almost seems a necessity instead 
of being a luxury. Those mothers who wished tlicir cliildren 
to have warm lunchc.'^, c<iuld do .so by bringing or sending it 
V)y a servant to the door, where tlie matron or teacher receives 
it; but they do not come in so as to mingle with the children. 

We .saw littli! beds or mattrcses on which the little ones are 
placed when they fall asleep, and they .sleep as long as they 
please. We were told that these children always sing when 
they move — singing .seems to be an element with them. They 
koked happy in their schoolrooni; and to .see them at their 
lunch — eating and drinking and full of chat and fun, was a very 
amusing and interesting sight. I presume there were as many 
as one hundred and fifty present, pcrhai)s more. This is the 
only .school in I'aris composed of boys and girls together. 

This i.s called "An dhjccl School.'" I have not visited a 
"Kindergarten," but hope to do so on my return, and P'port 
to the readers of the Jl'venile' lN.STni"cTf)R. 

Ki,r/A li. Ss'ow. 
ri.onF_\fE, Italy, Jan. l.lth, 1H73. 



Sd^cl^i fodq|. 






Tlic worlil sti'clclics wkloly before you, 

A lidil f.-ir your muscle anil liraiii; 
Ami llioui;li cluuils m:iy often float o'er you, 

Ami often come lemposls nnd rain, 
lii- fearless of storms wliicli o'crtakc 3'ou — 

I'lisli forward llirouj;li all like a man— 
Good fortune will never forsake you 

If you do as ucar right as you can. 

Itemcrabcr, the will to do righllj', 

If used, will the evil confound; 
Live daily by conscience, that nighlly 

Your sleep may be jicacefiil and sound. 
In contests of right never waver — 

Let honesty shape every plan, 
And life will of Paradise savor, 

If you do as near right as you can, 

Tliough foes' darkest scandal maj- sjieed 

And strive with their shrewdest of tact 
'i'o injure 3'our fame, never heed, 

l!iit justly and honestly act: 
And ask of the Kuler of Ilcavcn 

To save j'our fair name as a man, 
And all tliat you ask will be given, 

If you do as near rightas you can. 



[For the Jiirmih' Timl nulnr. 



I'leasavt Giiovr:, Februnr3' 10th, ISVH, 
Ell (lor Jai'cnlle Instructor: 

I w.ant the facts of this note put into your paiJor, as a stimulus to 
others to do likewise. I visited tlic Sund!»3' school of this place yes- 
terday, and I found the house full of children. Every class with a 
good teacher, and the very licst of order, under the snperiutendence 
of lirother Franklin Ueers. The Scerctarj', Brother James Ballingcr, 
Informed me that tlie sehool was prosperous finauciall^', and that 
tliey were going to purchase a library for it. The choir, under the 
direction of Brother Wm. Frampton, is indeed a credit to the settle- 
ment. 

I had an invitation to attend tlic Relief Society to-day, which I did, 
when the President, Sister Elizal'eth Brown with her counselors, 
Sisters Laura Liston and Susan Nell', proposed that tlic Society make a 
donation to the Sunday school, for tlicir library, of one bound copy 
of all the volumes of the .luvuvir.K Instkuctob, also eleven copies 
of the present volume, for a class to read every Sunday. The pro- 
posal was responded to by the whole Society, which I cons-ider very 
praiscworth3' and hope cvcr3' society in tlic Territory will do likewise. 
Kespcctfully, Gi:o. Hai.liday. 



Is puL'ished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY, 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERJIS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum $2 00. 

*^ Grain brought to thin City for the Ji;vKNii,K iNSTUucTon will be 
rerpivcd ul the onico of ouri)iiper— DESHiiKT Nicws Buildings. 




