
VOL. XVI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH, 15. / £ $, 



NO. 6. 



SPRING 



SPRING is again 
here. The 
genial rays of the 
sun are causing the 
buds to swell ?nd 
the grass to shoot 
forth, and soon the 
trees which now 
look so bare and 
cheerless, will be 
covered with bright 
green foliage, andi 
the hills and mead-| 
ows will be clothed' 
with a verdant car-, 
pet. 

Spring is the 
season, above all 
others, when young 
people mostly enjoy 1 
a ramble over the 
hills and up the 
canyons. The early 
flowers which bloom 
upon the hillsides, 
the moss that clings 
to the rocks in the 
shady places, the 
pretty pebbles that 
abound in the clear 
mountain s t re a m 
are all objects of 

interest. 

The group of 
merry children we 
see in the picture 

must have wan- 
dered off to the 
pasture, perhaps to 
see the little lambs 
skip and play, or to 
wateh the awkward 
antics of a newly- 
born calf, or the 




gambols of a young 
colt. 

Nature seems to 
impart a certain 
freshness and vi- 
vacity to everything 
at this season. Not 
only is it apparent 
in the trees and 
flowers and grass, 
and in the dumb 
animals, such as the 
cows and horses and 
sheep, but also in 
human beings. 

Bubbling over 
with the exuber- 
ance of youth, and 
warmed up for 
action by the genial 
rays of the sun, the 
children are just as 
eager for a frolic as 
the lambs or calves 
or colts. Mount- 
ing the rickety old 
gate of the pasture 
they swing back and 
forth, and make the 
gate creak upon its 
rusty hinges, and 
shake as if it were 
really going to fall 

with them ami en- 
danger their prec- 
ious lives. Hut 
t li ey take u o 
thought nf danger; 

they are only bent 

mi having some fun, 
and with hair flying 
in the breeze they 
swiiiL' and laugh, 
a n d shout a nil 



SB 



>:*t. 





62 



J" TX "VIE IN" I Hi IE INSTBUCTOB, 




swing with such evident relish, that no person can doubt that 
they are finding real enjoyment in it. 

Have our young readers ever asked themselves the question, 
why it is that the early warm days of spring are enjoyed 
so much, and it is so delightful to be in the sun then, when 
later in the season the warm days become tiresome and we 
prefer the shade? Have they ever thought of the goodness 
of the Almighty in bringing about the changes of the seasons, 
just often enough to enable all His creatures to relish each 
change as it conies'.'' 

We appreciate the spring because of the snows and frosts 
and chilling winds of winter. The dumb animals appreciate 
it for the same reason, aud because of the green grass and 
other food which is then afforded them, and of which they 
were deprived during the winter. Then there is another 
reason for their feeling friskly and joyous at this season. They 
get rid of their old mats and are provided with new ones. 
We have even known boys and girls to feel proud and frisky 
on such an occasion. 

The hairy covering of cows and horses and such animals, 
the feathers of birds and the outer skin of serpents gradually 
come off. and arc replaced with similar but'new material, ami 
they look all the more bright and sleek and feel all the better 
for the change. This process of shedding off is called moult- 
ing. 

Then there are certain animals that rest and sleep, lying in 

a torpid condition, without either eating or drinking during 

inter, and wake up in tlic spring feeling refreshed and 

revived, and doubtless with a keen appetite. This process i- 

ealled hibi rna '! >n. 

We can fancy with what a relish such animals greet the 
warm days of spring, which rouse them from their long slum- 
ber and let them know that there is food l'"i- them to eat, to 
replenish their shrunken bodies, for during the winter the fat 
of their bodies is nearly all wasted away in supplying the 
accessary warmth to keep them alive. 

There are many, very many reasons why the spring should 
In regarded as one of the must interesting and important 
periods id' tin- year. The very sensations it produces — the 

hup.- and joys that it awakens— arc sufficient to make US bail 

with pleasure it- advent. Its characteristics have bei n 

described by the poet, as 

"A bursting into greenness, 

A waking as from - 
A twitter and a warble, 

Thai " pulses leap; 

A sense of renovation, 

Of freshness ;it ■! of health, 

A I I-' iHL" I'll' Of .-": 

A careli ssi ess of wealth. 

■■A « is in ehiM! 1. 

For tin by one 

ii golden ] 

'I the HI lul -'in ; 

A gush, :i flash 

A'wish t>. -lii mt and 
A- ftll'd with hopo and gladness, 

We hail tie- vernal fprii 

We may regard the spring of the year as typical "I' the 
, . i of childhood. It is the most favi rable season I'm' sow 
ing see |, The soil i- then easilj pulverized ami can be shaped 
and in.. Med in any form in -mi the husbandman. It contains 
sufficient moisture, too i" cause the Beed in germinate if it he 
we \] plantc 1 And bo* necessary i< i- that only good seed be 
planted, for weeds and brambles will grow a- readily a- any 



thing else if the seed be only in the ground. With careful 
planting in the spring and diligent culture through the sum- 
mer, the farmer or gardener may count pretty safely on a 
harvest in the autumn. 

Just so, if only correct principles are planted in the minds 
of children, and if they receive the proper care and training 
through the period nf their youth, we may naturally look for 
a harvest of good works and a rich yield of usefulness from, 
them as they advance in life. 

Parents and teachers, look well to the seed that you sow in 
the minds of the little ones, lest it be evil, and grow up to 
choke out the good and bring forth fruit which will prove a 
curse rather than a blessing. 

Children, be careful what principles you imbibe. Be sure 
that they come from the right source. Remember that what 
you receive into your minds now will have a bearing upon vour 
lives in the future, and tend to shape them for good or evil. 
If you want your minds to be fruitful, if you want your lives 
to abound in good works, allow no bad thoughts, wrong ideas 
or evil longings to find a lodgment in your minds or hearts. 

Let the springtime of your lives be spent in receiving good 
seed in pure minds, your youth in studiously cultivating and 
developing the growth of the same, and your autumn or 
maturity will yield a harvest that will make you honored 
among men and blessed and approved of God. 

Then, when mortality shall have passed, and your winter 
shall have been spent in awaiting the grand awakening, the 
glorious spring of eternal existence will burst upon you. ^ it li 
body ami spirit reunited and all your faculties full} devi 
you will sec at a glance the advantage you will have gained 
over the sluggards who failed to improve their opportunities, 
and you will receive a thousand-fold reward for all your faith- 
fulness in mortal life. 



JOTTINGS BY A YOUNG- 
MISSIONARY. 



BY STREHEN. 



{Continued from i"i!/c oO.) 

DURING the summer season Bern is visited by a great 
many strangers, who generally do not remain long, as the 

. ii. , if the city are not sufficient to interest them for 

more I han two or three days. 

I would often arise early in the morning and go out for a 
walk along the mads which lead from the country, and there I 
would nieei hundreds coming to town to sell their produce. 
Most of these were women and children, who. while the men 
are a> work in tin fields, also try to earn a few cents. Some 
of the c people ha 1 little hand carts, well loaded, which they 
others had their articles in n large basket, which they 
i d mi their head-: others with baby carriages full of 
potatoes, and iii a great many oilier novel ways, might they be 
seen bringing their produce to market to sell. 

On market days the street.- of Bern ttre always crowded, 
aul along either side of the principal street is an almost 
unbroken line of females, each of whom tries to excel in prais- 
ing . lie articles which she has for sale. The confusion caused, 
il seems to me. could not be surpassed even by those people 
who were at the tower of Babel, when so many different lan- 
guages were spoken. 

It caused me very D1UC.1i surprise tO see how the women Ml 

this country arc compelled to work. As far as manual labor 



\~o 





CTTT^TIEIEsrilL.IE IUSTE/TJOTOB, 



63 




is concerned, there is apparently nothing too hard for them to 
do, and I have often thought when seeing them hoe, dig and 
mow in the fields, that they at least equal, if not excel the 
men in this kind of work. 

It "was often related to me when at home, how the women in 
these lands were compelled to work at all kinds of labor in 
order to live, hut I could never realize the full extent of their 
suffering until my own eyes beheld it. 

Greater poverty I have never seen than that which exists 
here, and I hope never to see it so had again. However, 
every year causes greater suffering, and many are beginning to 
get alarmed at the gloomy prospect which is before them, and 
say. "We will soon begin to believe that what the "Mormons' 
say is true, about the judgments of God coining." 

One nf tin' principal reasons why so many tourists visit 
Bern, is because of the excellent view which is to be obtained 
of the Alps nf Bernese Oberland. These form a long chain of 
snow-capped mountains, the highest of which is the Finstcr- 
aarhorn. 14,026 feet high. 

A more beautiful sight cannot be imagined than the view of 
this range as the sun is setting, on a clear, warm day of sum- 
mer. 

''The glow of the Alps" { Alpen gluchen) as it is called, may 
be seen very often during the warm season. It is the effect 
produced by the sun striking the summits of these ice-covered 
mountains after he has ceased to shed his light upon the 
inhabitants of the valleys. This glow often continues until 
nearly dark, and it makes the mountains appear as though 
they were illuminated by an internal fire. The beauty of this 
sight is indescribable. 

There are quite a number of excellent pleasure resorts not 
far from Bern, and during the month of July I had the 
pleasure of visiting the most noted parts with one of the 
brethren. In our trip we viewed the principal points of 
attraction in Bern Oberland. which part is considered one of 
the most attractive in all Switzerland, and is visited by a great 
many French. English ami American travelers. 

The principal stopping place for 'bis section is Interlaken, 
which is very prettily situated between the lakes of Thun and 
Brienz, and in full view of the Jungfrau Peak. Although 
there are only three or four thousand inhabitants here, still 
there are thirty-five good-sized hotels and a great number of 
smaller ones, all able to make a handsome surplus during the 
excursion season. 

This small place abounds in beautiful gardens, pleasant 
walks ami agreeable resting places: in fact, money seems to 

have 1 n expended without stint to provide comfort and 

pleasure for tourists. 

From Interlaken, my companion ami I crossed the lake of 

Biieiiz and went to Meiringen. a village of nearly 3,000 
inhabitants, which is situated in llasli Valley. This place 
has a very picturesque situation, being surrounded with hills 

and mountains whose beauty is unsurpas-iirjly grand. 

From Meiringen we crossed what is called the Greal 
Sheideck, a mountain several thousand feet in hight. As we 

were on the way a great number of men bailed us, and died 

their titmosl to get us to hire one or more of them as guides. 
Some bad horses which they desired us to ride, but when we 
learned i lie enormous price demanded fir the use of an animal, 

we decided (bat our best mode of trawl was by foot. 

We accordingly set out, after having got rid of our perse- 
cutors as best we could, and before proceeding a very great 
distance up the mountain we suddenly came upon a man who 
was applying all bis lung power to the blowing of an Alpen horn. 



This horn consists of a mouthpiece of brass, and a long, 
hollow piece of wood, funnel-shaped and slightly curved at the 
end opposite the mouthpiece; altogether it is generally 
between seven and eight feet long. In former times this 
instrument was used by the herdsmen to call the cattle 
together from the neighboring hills, and when skillfully blown 
the sound can be heard for a great distance. 

The person who gave us the benefit of his musical talent as 
a player on the Alpen horn, of course expected some remuner- 
ation for the entertainment he afforded us, and wdien we saw 
the exertion his blowing cost him, we thought he was worthy 
of receiving aJew cents. 

But as we proceeded on our way we found a great many per- 
sons who did their utmost to relieve the travelers of their 
money— girls with flowers to sell, men blowing Alpen horns, 
children singing, and beggars of all descriptions greeted us at 
almost every turn, until our patience was almost exhausted. 

As we were on our way we came to a small cluster of houses, 
situated right at the junction of two canyons. As we did not 
know which of these canyons was the right one for us to enter, 
we began to look around to find some one of whom we could 
enquire. 

We walked around several of the houses, trying to find a 
door where we could euter, but the only door we could find led 
into the cow stable. 

After looking around for some time we at last saw a man's 
head protruding from a hole in the side of one of the houses. 
We quickly approached, and made the necessary enquiries 
concerning our route. After getting the desired information 
we ventured to ask for a drink of milk, which the man readily 
promised to give us. and invited us to enter the house and 
drink it. 

This invitation again revived the enquiry in my mind : 
"Where is the entrance?" However, my question was soon 
answered, for as the man appeared at the stable door the truth 
flashed across my mind that to enter the dwelling one must 
pass through the stable. 

I forgot all about the inconvenience of the Swiss homes, 
however, when, on entering, the man set a lame bowl of cream 
and one of milk on the table, and told us to satisfy ourselves. 
For my part I repaid bis generosity by disposing of a good 
quantity of cream, which was an unusual treat forme. 

As I looked around the room in which this generous man 
lived, I was surprised. It seemed to me almost impossible for 
a human being to live in such a place and call it home. Dirt, 
smoke ami disorder reigned supreme, ami to personal cleanli- 
ness no attention seemed to be paid. 

The outside of the bouse was not quite so bad as the inside, 
as far as dirt was concerned; still for inconvenience. 1 think 
the Swiss huts beat everything I ever saw. Shingles are put 
on the roofs to the thickness of four or live inches, and rocks 

are then put on these to prevent them from being carried away 

by the wind. 

The windows are generally merely a bole In the wall, before 
which a gunin sack is placed to keep out the sun in the sum- 
mer, and in winter, a few boards to keep out the cold. 

We thanked our "onerous friend and then proceeded on our 
way. When we arrived in < i rinilebvald. on the other side of the 
Sheideck, we were very tired, and therefore clad to remain 

there over night Our walk bad occupied some nine hours, 

and the beautiful scenery \ve beheld was Sufficient to interest, 
U8 continually. 

The grandest sight we saw was as we passed close by the 

foot of the Woitcrhorn. This huge mountain of stone. 



/J 



< 



O IT 




64 



J"TJ^TE3^riLEl I^TSTSTJCTOB. 




I — - lb."> feet high, appears to be almost ready to fall, as one 

stands near the base and looks toward the summit. 

The snow, as it falls from one precipice to another on this 
mountain, sounds like the roar of distant artillery: and the 
sound of an Alpen horn, when blown in the vicinity, rever- 
berates among the crags, and sounds like the music of a 
distant organ. 

(To be Continued.) 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



i < 'onttmii I fro.n /<■'. '< 52. | 

\\, T i!K!\" but fourteen years of age President Young lost the 
' earthly care and presence of his mother; she died June 
11th, 1815. Two years after that sad event his father removed 
to the town of Tyrone, Steuben County, in which year he 
married widow Hannah Brown, who bore to him one son, 
Edward, who was born July 30, 1823. In the year 1827 his 
father removed toMendon, Munroe County, in the State of .New 
York, whither he was accompanied by several of his family. 
He was living in this neighborhood when he heard the first 
news ofthe restoration of the gospel. He heard the gospel 
preached by Elders Eleazer Miller and Elial Strong in 1831, 
and in April of the followingycar he went with his sons. Joseph 
and PhinehasH., toColumbia, Pennsylvania, where there was 
a branch ofthe Church. They desin d to investigate the prin- 
ciplesof the Church and to see the Saints, and to make them- 
Felves further acquainted with their method of administration. 
So satisfied and convinced were they by what they learned of 
the gospel during thh visit that they were baptized and con- 
fined members of the Church, and returned home rejoicing. 

A p irusal of the history of this family convinces one that its 
members — lather, sons and daughter- — were all honest and 
truth-loving people and very open to conviction and the 
influences of tie Spirit of God. There are many families, 

i oiwh n embers havej lined the Church; but it was 

a very remarkable event in those early days for every living 
membi imil i numerous as this was. to become 

Latter-day Saints. There were the father, his wife, six sons, 
oil daughters-in-law and sons-in-law, who all 
readily joined the Church when the truth was fairly pre 
to ih' in. and remained firm therein. Whore can we find 
another instance like this in the early history ofthe Church? 
It must h liogly gratifying to the father to live 

to hear i !i ■ cverla? n it-, purity and fu 

piredmen; but how much was this gladness 
increase d I ; - i ing the nriliingn >ss of his chil Iren to follow his 
example an 1 enter into the only true and living Church up m 
nth! 

In the Pali i'oung re nove 1 t i Kirtlan 1, ( thio, 

the ?aints al that time. 

iii led a I'i'ii irch by the Prophet 

Jo • i'h. h 'in.- the li ■ 

o -1 tine 1 to thai offi • ■. [n he left Kirtl ind for 

Missouri. Fie rruption until he reached 

".n ol 1' i; :tl in the State of M -■ mri. 1 1 ■ he found 

If in the mid.-t of th ■ militi i c imman 1 1 1 bj ' I in rel 

Clark. Ih se i militia 1 eally a mob 

of armed men. w I in d reel \ i ol law. The 

night after his arrival at this p 

Far West, the princi] On the 

followirj ; day i irm but upon 

ing Old Chariton he found a guard which bad been left at the 



ferry by Clark, so he had to return to Illinois. On his way he 
was frequently met by companies of men, calling themselves 
militia also, who declared that if they knew that he and his 
companions were "Mormons" they would kill them. At 
Columbia, Missouri, he found ( General Gaines raising a com- 
pany to go to the assistance of Gen. Clark to exterminate 
the Saints, and his grandson, Evan M. Greene, made appli- 
cation to the General for a pass to go out of the State with 
the company, representing to him that his grandfather was a 
revolutionary soldier. Such a plea ought to have awakened 
sympathy and called forth the required protection. But no; in 
the breasts of mobocrats, patriotism or gratitude found no place. 
What cared they for age, experience, or faithful service in the 
country's cause? They did not value liberty themselves, nor 
any of the boons which the revolutionary war had brought to 
the land and its inhabitants, or they would not have sought as 
they did to deprive their fellow-citizens of their right to wor- 
ship God according to the dictates of their own consciences: 
therefore, the sight of an aged veteran, deprived ofthe liberty 
to travel as he pleased in the laud for which he had risked his 
life, and over which be had helped to establish a free govern- 
ment, did not touch them. 

The wagon which they had was a good eastern wagon. The 
Latter-day Saints who came to the State generally brought 
with them eastern wagons, which were of a different style to 
those made and used in those days in Missouri. Gaines, 
instead ol taking measures to protect them, told them they had 
better exchange their wagon for one of another kind, such as 
was used in that region, or else travel on horseback, then they 
could make their journey without molestation. If they did not 
adopt this advice, he could give them no pass that would bene- 
fit them. Traveling on horseback in the winter was not to be 
thought of, if it could be avoided ; therefore, the only course 
left was to trade the wagon. The one they got in exchange 
was an old one ; but it answered the purpose very well, for 
they afterwards met many companies of men and were not 
even hailed by them. He moved to Morgan County. Illinois, 
and in 1839 he visited his children at Quincy, at which place 
they had stopped after being expelled from Missouri. He 
died at Quincy on the 12th of October of that year. He was 
in the seventy-seventh year of his age al th i time of his death ; 
and though he was an agi d man. bad it not been for the hard- 
ship and persecutions he endured in this journey from Mis- 
souri, he would, doubtless, hive lived a number of years 
longer. The c induct of the authorities of the State of Mis- 
souri was well-adapted to destroy all desire for life in the breast 
of such a man as he. Tn his boyhood be bad volunteered to 
serve in the army to redeem the land from oppression. But 
of what avail were his sacrifices and sufferings, if neither he 
nor his children nnuld enjoy that liberty for which I hey wore 
made and i n lun d .' With pious hands, he and hi> companions 
had help! d to lay the found nion of a republic in which men 

should have equal light- he had watched its growth with 

pride an 1 delight ; but, in the brief compass ofi his life, how 

.great the change which had been effected! .Missouri's 

ivernor, courts, officers and militia bad trampled 1 iw and 

justice under theii feet, and for no wrong had expelled free 

n ti ir borders ; and what was still worse, the entire 

nation winked at their crimes, the Chief Executive declaring 

thai be could not grant any redress. In his patriot soul 

Father Young could not but feel thai the glory of American 

freedom had di parti b and thai liberty bad been strangled in 

her own temple by the hands of those who should have been 

lnr devoted follower-. The prophet Josi ph, in alluding to his 



uf 



'}]< 



/*?; 



\r- 






-tqtik 



CTJJ^rttjSTTA^. 



IIMSTBTJCTOB, 



65 ° 



death in his history, says: "He died a martyr to the religion of 
Jesus, for his death was caused by his sufferings in that cruel 
persecution." His, doubtless, will be a martyr's crown. 
[To be Continued.) 

— ■ « S ^— -^^- I p » 

ROBERT HAMILTON. 



BY II. G. B. 



& 



CIHAKLES and Robert Hamilton were brothers, born and 
' raised in Glasgow, Scotland, where, also, they both obeyed 
the gospel at an early period of the Church's history. 

I never had the pleasure of an acquaintance with Charles, 
but always understood that he was one of the most able and 
faithful men in the Church in those early times. 

Both of these brethren died previous to our exodus from 
Nauvoo, and without either of thorn having married ; and, so 
far as I have been able to learn, left no relative to perpetuate 
their names or to write the history of their brief stay with 
us. 

Now, it is of some of the incident? that transpired while 
Elder Robert Hamilton and I traveled together as missionaries 
in the State of Virginia, in the years 1844 and 1S45, that I 
wish to write. 

While preaching at Newcastle, the present County seat of 
Craig Co., Virginia, we were challenged by the Rev. Dr. Wal- 
tholl, of the Campbellite church, to meet him in discussion. 

We accepted the challenge. The large church in Newcastle 
belonging to the Campbellites, was offered for the purpose of 
holding the debate in. The subjects and terms were agreed 
upon, the moderators chosen, and the time to commence and 
continue the discussion to, was arranged, all of which the public 
was duly notified of. 

During the time the debate lasted the large church was 
filled to overflowing, good order prevailed, and the strictest 
attention was given. 

Elder Hamilton was the speaker on our side. He was a 
fluent and powerful talker, enjoying much of the Spirit of 
the Lord, and as the great truths of the gospel flowed from 
his lips the audience seemed utterly entranced and carried 
away with the newness, plainness and force of his arguments, 
"for he taught them as one having authority, and not as the 
scribes." 

The great Campbellite champion, the Rev. Waltholl, who 
was both preacher and lawyer by profession, was so utterly 
overwhelmed and filled with confusion and terror from the 
first, that he never n ivered from the shock during the time 
the debate lasted. So much was this the case with him that 
ho could only occupy a small portion of the time allotted to 
him, and, on the second day, at his own request, the di 
sion was brought to a close, although by his own proposition 
at first, it was to have lasted three days. 

The rea on be a igne I for this was, thai be wa i entire! 

unprepared to meet Elder Hamilton' arguments and evidi i 

on the subj ct» under discussion, which were the authen u 
of the II i !. of Mormon, the organization of the Church, with 
apottles, prophets, etc., and the gifts, ble ings aid power of 
the Holy Ghost. 

Noi one of the hundreds that attend .1 thi I di u ion ever 
pn tended thai the ' lampbcllite • did nol m< el w ith a ureal 
and decisive di fi it on tha 

The now; of then i pn ad rapidly and h 

throughout the land, and c i to the can of another of their 



iif. 



great divines, by the name of Dr. Scott (Doctor of divinity, 
not of medicine). 

This man flattered himself that he was able to retrieve his 
cause from the terrible defeat that it had suffered at the hands 
of Elder Hamilton at Newcastle. He therefore challenged 
Brother Hamilton to debate with him upon the same subjects, 
and with the same terms as at first, but in another church and 
at another place. 

This challenge was also accepted by Brother Hamilton, and 
the discussion was held, but it proved more disastrous to the 
Campbellite cause than tha first had done. 

Dr. Scott failed so completely on every point, and so dis- 
graced himself as well as the cause, that he never afterward 
attempted to preach. 

While the power, gifts and blessiDgs of the Holy Ghost 
were being discussed, Elder Hamilton contending for its 
inspiration, its gifts and blessings as formerly enjoyed by the 
Saints, and the doctor arguing against these gifts, and deny- 
ing such inspiration in any manner or form, I occupied a seat 
in the stand. While watching and listening to the proceed- 
ings. I caught the doctor imbibing freely from a bottle of 
whisky, which ha replaced in bis saddle-bags when the oper- 
ation of drinking was over. 

I had detected the smell of whisky the day previous, while 
seated near the doctor, but never suspected it was from his 
breath. I could never have thought a preacher guilty of so 
flagrant an outrage. But so it was; I had caught him in the 
very act, and so informed Eider Hamilton. 

Such a scathing as that preacher received from Brother 
Hamilton I never witnessed. Said he : 

"He denies the inspiration and power of the Holy Ghost; 
but there is an inspiration that he does believe in, and that is 
the spirit of the whisky bottle, which he now carries in his 
saddle-bags, and from which he has often sought and 
obtained his kind of inspiration since the beginning of this 
discussion." 

This exposure and his muddled condition rendered Dr. 
Scott unfit to continue the debate longer. Prior to this time 
he had been considered a respectable, pious and able preacher. 
However, that defeat and consequent exposure destroyed his 
influence from that time forward. 

As a rule, public discussions do not result in much good, but 
these were exceptions, and iu and around this place we soon 
had the names of forty persons who were applicants for 
baptism. 

I have traveled and labored in company with many of our 
most worthy Elders, but never with one more faithful, contrite 
in spirit and child-like, and yet more determined, valiant and 
undeviating in defense of the truth, and in every duty devolv- 
ing upon him, than was Elder Robert Hamilton; and I have 
written this little sketch as a feeble tribute to his memory and 
his sterling worth. 

During the eight or (en months we traveled together, our 
union and love for each other resembled very much that which 
i xbted between Da\ id and Jon a I lian. 



-***> — o- •-*->- 



No man leaves the world in all things as he found it. The 

habits which ho was instrumental in forming may go on from 

century to century, an heirloom for good or for evil, doing 

work of misery or oi happiness, blasting or blessing the 

counti y thai has now losl all recoi d of his memory. 

fiiiAC! is to I h" body whal good i ense id to tie mind. 



^ 



<# 



Vi( 



\v — 



uTJYEITILE I^"STB'17CTCR. 




^Fltc ffuurmle |(nsirtirfct> 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, - - 



EDITOK. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1881. 
EDITORIAL THOTJG-ZHZTS. 







'^ikl HE young people now growing up in those 
X* mountains, the offspring of the veteran 
)*Li Latter-day Saints, have a glorious destiny 
itVss before them. They have been greatly 
-f_\ favored by the Almighty, and much will 
be expected of them. If they could only 
be male to realize the advantages and 
privileges they possess, the powers that 
the Lord has endowed them with, and the 
mighty work they have to accomplish, we feel 
sure that they would in many cases, act differ- 
ently and make a better use of their ability. 
Born in the gospel covenant, heirs to the 
IPs holy priesthood, reared in these secluded val- 

(fy ± , _ , leys, comparatively free from the many vices that 
l Ijt^ prevail in other parts of the world, thev are capable 
•"'vyxS of wielding a much greater power for good than 
'- I young people generally who are born and reared 
under other conditions, 'flu-re is another fact connected with 
their birth that is of great advantage to them. 

We alluded in our last number to the independence and 
moral courage possessed by those who would dare to embrace 
Midi unpopular doctrines as the Latter-day Saints believe in, 
while surrounded by relatives and friends who ridiculed and 
persecuted them for doing so. But this independence is not 
the only prominent characteristic of the Saints who have 
gathered out to these valley-. A person might possibly be led 
by a temporary enthusiasm or by sinister motives to embrace such 
a religion. But after joining the Church in the old countries, 
the Saints as a rule have bad to endure such tests as would 
have Bhown it. it' they were prompted by such motives or feel- 
iiiL'- as these. 

The Saints who have come to these valleys, especially in 
early times, have been subjected to a pretty thorough sifting. 
Thousands have joined the Church in their native lands, and 
then turned away from it. for various causes, soon after. 
\ ery many other- have endured for a longer period, the trials 
and persecutions which have been the common lot of the 
Saint-, but finally through lack of faith, fortitude or power to 
withstand temptation, have dropped out of the tank-. The 
mobbings, drivings, poverty, hardships and sacrifices which 
the Saints have had to suffer, have been too much lor those 
to withstand who had not an abiding faith in God and in the 
divinity of the work in which we are engaged. 

That the faith and zeal and self-denial of the veterans, then, 
should leave their impress upon and tend to shape the charac 
f their offspring, i- only a natural result These were 
the ruling characteristics of their parent- at the time when the 
youth of our Territory were begotten. Many of them were 
born when their parents were enduring the severest of priva- 
tions for the gospel - sake, and when devotion to God and love 
for their religion enabled them to endure all cheerfully and 
even rejoin- in the midst of their sufferings. 

It' pre-natal influences, then, have an) effect in forming the 
haracters entific men assert, may we not 



IL> 



naturally expect our youth to possess faith, zeal, experience, 
energy and devotion to God in an eminent degree? We are 
sure that they do, and it only wants an occasion to call these 
qualities into action to prove that they possess them. 

''But." it maybe argued, "many of our young people are 
wild and difficult to restrain. 

Then they have partaken of the nature of the rugged 
country we inhabit. The very energy and force they naturally 
possess, which, if properly directed, might make them mighty 
in the earth and powerful in the cause of God, will, if 
neglected or misapplied make them not only wild, but vicious 
also, and as powerful for evil as they might be for good. The 
independence and will power which they have inherited may 
make them as difficult to restrain, wdien started on an evil 
course, as their parents were when started on a good course. 

Bat we have great hopes and faith in our young people, 
notwithstanding the wildness and folly of a few of them. 
Many of them may wreck their bright prospects though their 
own foolish and wayward actions, but we believe that a great 
many more will, through their faithfulness, energy and devo- 
tion to God, exert a mighty influence for good in the laud, and 
bring honor to themselves, their parents and the cause of Ged. 

Boys and girls, young men and women, you have it in your 
power to do this. You are entitled by the promises of the 
servants of God upon .your heads in your infancy, and since 
then, to the gifts and blessings of the Holy Spirit; you are 
heirs to the richest blessings and privileges of the gospel. 

But you can only claim these promises and enjoy these 
blessings through lives of faithfulness. Live pure lives. 
Avoid temptation. Shun even the very appearance of evil. 
Cultivate an acquaintance with the Holy Spirit. Exercise 
faith in God and in His holy ordinances. Listen to and 
observe the counsel of the Priesthood. Store your minds 
with useful knowledge. Hold yourselves in readiness to do 
whatever the Lord may require of you. And the Almighty 
will accomplish a mighty work through you, such as shall 
surprise the world, and secure to you everlasting glory and 
honor. 



ALMONDS and Violets — "Bear mamma," said a little girl 
to her mother as they were walking together in the garden, 
"why do you have so i'ew of those beautiful double almonds 
in the garden? You have hardly a bed where there is not a 
tuft of violets, and they are so much plainer. What can be 
the reason?" 

"My dear child," said the mother, "gather me a bunch of 
each; then I will teli you why I prefer the humble violets." 
"The little girl ran off, and soon returned with a fine bunch 
of the beaut i till almonds and a few violets. 

"Smell tlirni. my love," said her mother, "and try which is 
tin- sweeter." 

"(>, dear mother! it is the little violet." 
"Well, now you know my child, why T prefer the plain 
violet to the beautiful almond. Beauty without fragrance in 
flow< r- is, in my opinion, something like beauty without gen- 
tleness and good temper in liitle girls. When any of those 
girls who -peak without reflection may say to you, 'What 
charming blue eyes' What beautiful culls! What a fine 
complexion!' without knowing whether you have any good 
qualities, and without thinking of your defects anil failings, 
which everyone is born with, remember then the almond 
blossom; and remember, also, when your affectionate mother 
may not 1m- here to tell you, ihit beauty without gentleness 
and good temper is worthless." 



^ 



Ui 




>JTJ"V"E^TIjLE iustbuctob. 






£ 



PLAYING MOTHER. 



HOW very noticeable are the instincts -which God has 
placed in the hearts of His children, from their infancy 
up to manhood or womanhood. Little boys seldom want a 
doll, a play-house or a toy carriage, but they all want marbles, 



iDg for their higher offices in after life. In the cut here we 
see a little girl playing mamma to a ' eii'ii'ul doll. Our little 
friend looks rather tired. Perhaps baby has been naughty or 
sick. I should ihink so, for the Utile mother looks so weary. 
Our mamma's loo'c weary and tired like that when we have 
been naughty children; anl they lay us in bed with such 




balls, kites ami such things: while iii niosi cases the little girl 
scorns the kilter, and longs for the former plaything*. 

As the little ones choose their respective sports, oftentimi s, 
we can discern what their future labors will I"'. 

It is must natural for all girls to become mothers, and. 
therefore, with their doll babies they undergo a son of train- 



;i relief when they see we are asleep and dreaming peace- 
fully. 

l»o you ever think, little L'irls and boys, when you are dis- 
obedient, how badly it makes your mother feel? I am sure 
you eannol half realize it, l'<>r if you could you would be 
better. 



i£ 



• •A 




lit 



IJ7-- 



^ 



68 



J" TT "VIE IN" I ID IE IHSTRTJOTOB, 




Poor mamma, how she works for you to make you look nice 
and feel good ! 

Really, we are none of us half good enough to our parents. 

Little gills, just take your dolls some day and play that they 
are very naughty; and fii>t coax them all you can, then scold 
them, then reason with ihem, then whip them till they fairly 
cry, then pet them to make them leel better; and after all 
this is done just see how tired you will be. 

Just so tired is mamma on the days when her little ones are 
naught}'. 

Then, to learn iho opposite, play one day that dolly is real 
bright and good. Press her up nicely, take her walking, and 
have people admire and praise her, and then sec how well you 
feel when night comes. No unpleasant words, uo unpleasant 
thoughts, but all smiles and good wishes. 

So mamma feels when she puts her little one to bed, if she 
has beeu good. All day everything has been pleasant: she 
ha- had so much time to put things right, to sew and attend 
to all her labors, and she gently kisses the darling little head 
nestling on the soft, white pillow, and whispers, "How good 
my little treasure has been today. God bless her!" 

lluw much better to have mamma think of you that way. 
than to say, "1 am glad she is asleep, she has beeu so trouble- 
ae." 

Now, little girls, try and be good, so that mamma will be 
pleased with you, and will feel so well when she kisses you 
good-night. 

I feel -ure you will be better after you try the experiments 
with your dolls. 

Annie. 



T EMPLES 



11Y DANIEL TYLER. 



i 'ontinui d from pagt 5] I. 

TIIK Saints left the State of Missouri during the winter of 
1838- IS 19, and early the next spring kepi the roads lined 
with teams going and coming, until all or nearly all arrived in 
Illinois, 

How. then, could the command be fulfilli d, to re commence 
the building of the temple on the 26th of April following. Aye, 
why did the L ird wh >, kn twing all things, must have under- 
stood that the Saints would be driven out, give such a 
commandment'.'' 

Und for the same reason thai he told Abraham to 

go three ' irney into the wilderness an his 

dai who was th ir to the promisi thai in his 

1 all the nations of the earth shou ssed, and that 

M --i ih, to redeem th I from his 

is, when at the same tim prevent 

him consummating the d 

iho faith o!' Abraham, and ; 
th" faith of the leaders of the Lath r day ! 
Our enemies had said t lal "M irmonism" would now fail, 
as no one wi aid da •inn. 

When the day arrived, before the early dawn, Bri 
Young, Heber C. Kimbnil, Orso n Pratt, John B. Page, John 
Tayl i "■. Iruff and George A. Smith, with a few 

others, went • ing a hymn and prayed, Then 

laid it. < ii ner stone. 
Thus imandmcnt was fulfilled, and their 

enemies a rs th fuiihful servant 

the Lord ■ eral miles on their journ v eastward, to ful- 



fill the mission appointed them by revelation given July Sth, 
1838. 

When the Missourians saw what had been done, they were 
terror-stricken, and wondered if the ''Mormons" were coming, 
re-inforeed, to take possession of the property of which they 
bad been plundered, and claim the lands they had paid the 
government for. 

The Lord, having proved his faithful servants, did not 
require a second test of this kind, any more than He required 
Abraham to offer his son a second time. 

The next temple He commanded to be built was in Nauvoo. 
There, instead of telling them to commence one year and 
resume the next, He told them to commence, and if their 
enemies drove them away or prevented them from completing 
the house, He would accept the offering at their hands. 

The former trial of their faith was sufficient, or He would, 
no doubt, have repeated the command to resume the work. 
( To be t 'ontmued. ) 



-<,~ — <*> — 



® 



tttas Jrrom 






Sobs. 



<3 



Kaysyille, Davis Co., Utah, 

March 8, 1881. 
Mrs. Hannah T. King, 

Pear Sister: — It is with pleasure I undertake to 
write you a few lines. I have been much interested in reading 
your letters, und the letters from the boys, and I hope they will 
be continued. I like to read the Juvenile Instructor and all 
good books, and feel that if I follow the instructions taught 
therein, I will be benefited by it. 
The older I get the more I see what I ought to have learned. 
I like to play as much a< anyone, and I don't think there is 
any harm in it, if it is done aright, although we should have a 
time for work and time for study, to cultivate our minds with 
something that will be useful to us in days to come. 

This i- the first time I have written to you, but I may try 
again. 

I am yours sincerely, 

Christopher Burton. 



SrRiNQvrixE, Utah Co., 

March 1, 1SS1. 
Mrs. Hannah T. King, 

Dear Friend: — I read good books 

il deal of my time. I prefer reading the Doctrine and 
i'h I J ' of the early rise of the Church. 

I would like you to ask a question, I would tako great interest 
in answering, 

Long may you live 
In peace and rest, 
And with God's blessing 
E'er be ble i I. 

Ever your brother, 

A. W. Reynolds. 



Holpen, Utah, 

.March I, 1881. 

VI Ha ■ •"<>• T. K 

De ir Sister :— I have read your letters to the boy-, 
la boys' letters, and I like to read them very much. 
I alv. nd Sunday school, and real in the Book of Mor- 

I also belong to the Y. M. M. I. A., and I am glad 







J-TJ-VZEnNTILIE INSTBUCTOR. 



69 




when my name is on the programme, and always try to take my 
part as well as I can. 

I do not use tobacco nor drink tea or coffee. I once drank 
some wine, which made me very sick j that was enough for me. 
I hope it will servo all the boys who drink it the same as it did 
me. 

Tours in the gospel of Christ, 

Harden" Ashby. 



Harrisviloe, "Weber Co , Utah, 

March 5, 1881. 
Mrs. Hannah T. King, 

Dear Sister : — As I am one of the boys I thought 
I would write a few lines, but as this is the first attempt I hope 
you will excuse all blunders. 

I am only eleven years old, and I am going to school all the 
time. My father is the superintendent of the Sunday school, 
and I attend. I also attend the Mutual Improvement Associ- 
ations. 

I was baptized when I was eight years old, and I try to keep 
the "Word of Wisdom. 

Richard Later. 



-g$H»".<3>- 0£ r m 



LETTER TO THE BOYS. 



Salt Lake City, 

March, 11th, 1881. 
Christopher Burton. — Your letter is good, but 
it does not call for any particular answer. 

I would say: "Continue iu well-doing." Playing or recre- 
ation is necessary, only be sure to remember the Word of 
Wisdom in your amusements. 

Writs again and ask me a question. 

A. W. Reynolds. — Dear Brother, You say you read good 
books. That is right ; never read any others. Trashy books 
obscure the judgment, and vitiate the taste for healthy read- 
ing. 

You desire me It ask you a question. I would ask you, 
"How will you go to work to make life pleasant and agree- 
able?" This is a very important question whon you are 
just starting out to commence (he journey of life, the business 
of life, and the battle of life. Tell me how you propose to 
attain this grand desideratum — this goal that so few gain. 

Harden Ashbt.— Dear Brother, I am pleased with all you 
say in your letter. You are going to be a good, useful man. 
Continue in well-doing. 

I am pleased to learn that you always respond when your 
name' is on the programme, for it hurts me very much when 
i one of my young ladies rises, when her name is called, and says 
listlessly, "I'm not prepared!" 

I feel to say "What did you come here for?" 

We ought to be prepared. We ought to be alive to our 
duties; and 1 am glad to learn that you like your name to be 
on the programme. This is the right spirit, always. 

God presi i vc you in the truth. 

Ri< hard Later. — Daar I! >y. The spirit of your letter is 
that of a good boy. Try and improve in your writing, and 
always put a capital "I" when you speak of yourself. 

T want you to rea 1 all our letters- — the boys' and mine and 
take all the a l\ ice to yourself, for I mean it for all. 

I am proud of my ho p ndents; they show mind and 

character. God bless them all. i- my prayer. Am. n. 

Your friend, 

II. T. King. 



MISIONARY INCIDENTS. 



A Leaf from the Private Journal of the Patriarch, William 
McBride. 

TRANSCRIBED BY' E. R. SNOW. 




IN the autumn of 1852, I was called on a mission to the 
Sandwich Islands, in company with Benjamin F. Johnson, 
Ephraim Green, Thomas Karren, James Liwson, R. A. 
Allrtd, R. N. Allred, E. Snider and N. Tanner. 

We started from Salt Lake City, October 22od, 1852. We 
went to San Bernardino, thence to San Pedro and on board 
the brig Fremont, under Captain Hastings, sailed to San 
Francisco, where we rented a room and staid until we obtained 
sufficient means to pay our passage. What means wc failed 
to obtain by subscriptions to the brethren, who went out two 
by two, soliciting aid irom tho^e who might be disposed to 
favor them, was made up by John M. Horner. 

It was decided by the brethren that Brother B. F. Johnson 
and I should go down to the shipping and secure a passage ior 
the Sandwich Island mission. We found James S. Lambert, 
captain and owner of the-ship Huntress, bound for the islands. 
With him we engaged our passage with first-class fare. 

While in San Franc'sco I called into the office of Samuel 
Brannon. He asked me where I was going and what was my 
business, etc. I replied: "On the same business you were 
upon the first time I ever saw you, and under similar circum- 
stances." 

He invited me to call again, which I did, and he asked me 
when I should leave. 

I told him that we should go as soon as we had sufficient 
means to defray our expenses. 

He said: "You need not trouble about means; I will pay 
your passage and fill your trunk with clothing to suit the 
climate, and put it aboard the ship Hun tress in care of Captain 
Lambert." 

When we left, I called to bid him farewell, and he gave tne 
a fine seven dollar hat, a fifty dollar gold piece and a certifi- 
cate for my trunk. 

When the passengers were all on board, the old ship 
Huntress sailed out of the harbor of San Francisco Bay, and 
directly dropped into the trade winds. When dinner was 
called the captain took his seat at the head of the table, and 
placed Brother B. F. Johnson at the foot to assist him in scrv- 
tlie table. He placed ine on his right, and the rest of the 
missionaries on the left. 

When well under sail the captain invited Brother Johnson 
and me into his private cabin, and informed us thai bis former 
ship's crew bad all got the gold fever and left him, and that the 
eiew he then had were new hands, in whom he bad no con- 
fidence. 

lie said they might gel up a mutiny and kill him. If they 

did SO, be wanted us Klders to arm our -elves with bi> Weapons 

(showing us a! the same time bis armory), and take charge 
of the ship and bis treasures, and take the ship into port. 

The second cabin was (Ken fitted up, and we were told to 
occupy it, and to sing, pray or preach as we liked : and it was 
not long before the second cabin was the firsl in point "I 
interest and attraction, for we never got to bed before one 
o clock. 

When till the pas engers had gone to rest, tl aptain 

brought nut wine, oysters, sardines and crackers. The e were 
served every night until we arrived at the islands. 







80 



J-TT^TIE^TIELIE] IITSTBUCTOS, 





When we landed, our captain introduced us to Cody and 
Co., as his friends, and in a few days after, invited us to come 
on board the old ship, with all our friends, and take dinner 
with him. 

We accepted the invitation and took Philip B. Lewis. We 
were treated to turtle soup, etc., and had a jolly time. 

After dinner, he invited us to his cabin and served wine and 
cigars. He then proposed that we go up on deck and sing a 
"Mormon" hymn. 

We asked him what we should sing, and he proposed, 
''When shall we all meet again?" 

There were many ships lying in the harbor. Many hands 
were loading and unloading, and all ceased work to listen to 
our parting .-ong. 

The captain t )ld us that be had but one heir, and that was a 
daughter. I presented him with a new, gilt-edged Hymn 
Book, as :: present to his daughter. He said he received it as 
a choice jewel, and would put it under double look. 

At a conference in the fall of 1S63. while on my Saudwich 
Island missioD, a question came up relative to publishing the 
Book of Mormon in the Hawaiian language. Whether to 
have 5,000 copies j rioted, or purchase a press, type, paper 
and ink, and do the work ourselves — as we had printers of our 
own — was the subject of discussion. 

It was decided that we purchase the materials and print the 
book ourselves. The money was raised by subscription and 
loan, and I was appointed to go to San Francisco and make 
the purchase. 

My trunk was packed and put on board the brig DeJonical, 
but I had not a single dollar in my pocket to pay my passage. 
I told the brethren to exercise all the faith they could, while 
I called on Cody and Co., ship agents of the line, and asked 
them to take my note of h an 1. payable in San Francisco, and 
give me a certificate, which they did, although they were no 
friends of ours. 

I presented the certificate which called for lirst class fare, to 
Captain Jones, who told me that the berths were all taken, 
but hew me the lounge in the after cabin, to sleep 

on. All moved quietly for about eight days, when, having 
recovered from sea-sickness, I began to form acquaintance 
with tin 1 p;i--cngers and became known as a "Morruon." • 

An agent of the whaling fleet by the oame of Perkins, with 
hid two servants, was on board, and he objected to my using 

the lounge. My bed was then pla 1 in the steerage on sacks 

of grain. 

The first night after my bed was moved, a heavy storm 
arose an 1 drove u- off our course to the north. The weather 
turned very cold, raining, hailing and ''1 iwing a hurricane. 

After the >tortn slacked a little, I came out of the hatchway 
and sat on the Bide, holding on while the ship tumbled from 
side t" side amid the waves. 

Mr. Perkins called out: "Look at that d d 'Mormon,' 

he has n it sense en »ugh to be frightened, 

Then the iir-t mi same, and after seating himself beside 

me -ill ■ Mr. McBride, did you not enter for San Franci ? 

What would you think if we should land you among the rocks 
ni i ►regon?" 

I replied "li makes but little difference with me, only mi I 
land among the human family — my mission is to all the world." 

II left mi' sitting with an overco.t and blanket wrapped 
around me, and went and conversed with his assi dates, 

Soon after, the captain came beside me, and told me that he 
intended to make one more voyage. At this time the storm 
had increased to a heavy gale, and the captain, throwing him- 



self suddenly into his seat in the cabin, exclaimed: "I can do 
nothing more!" 

I said to him : " W& shall nil go into Son Francisco, and 
not a hair of our heads shall be lost : but we shall have to be 
helped in." ' 

Soon the storm ceased and the sun shone, when it was 
ascertained that we were 400 miles Dorth of our due course. 
Then all hands set to work, mending and setting the sails and 
we soon got under way in a very rough sea, but all passing 
pleasantly. 

I still remained in the steerage, but otherwise enjoyed all 
the privileges of first-class passengers, until we came in sight 
of San Fsancisco, with a light breeze. At this point the in- 
domitable Perkins imagined anchorage already secure, and 
exultingly said: "We are going in without help, and that 
'Mormon' has told one d d lie." 

Before we came to the mouth of the gate, however, a strong 
wind arose and drove us back. The captain signalled for a 
tug — we were diifting towards the rocks, but the tug hooked 
on just in time to save us. 

We got in at dusk and all the passengers went on shore but 
myself. In the morning the captain 1 10k me to shore, called 
for an omnibus and took his trut k an! miue to his room in a 
hotel. 

I went up into the city to Brother J. M. Horner's, and 
raised my passage money, and Brother Chapman Duncan went 
to the hotel, lifted my note, and took my trunk and valise to 
Brother J. M. Horner's. 

We made search and learned that we could not obtain a 
suitable printing press and fixtures in San Francisco, so I 
deposited the purchase money in the bank. I then made 
arrangements with Brother Horner and he sent a check to his 
agent in the east, and the press was soon forwarded. 



QUE SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 



11Y ItllnHA llK.IN'KIi'H. 



A PIIE advancement and success of the Sunday school work 
J- ought to be a matter of serious reflection and prayer to 
every loiiog parent, and every person who has the present and 
future welfare of the cause of God at heart. 

If it is necessary that our children should be moral, virtuous 
and good, then we should give them all the advantages that 
God has placed within our reach. 

But first of all, we should remember that our own conduct 
has the greatest influence over the children we wish to lead on 
in the path of salvation, and also that every action we perform 
in their presence always leaves with them some kind of an 
impression, l! this impression be good, it will most likely be 
creative of good; but if the impression be bad, it is sure to 
encourage the God-opposing >pii'it, which is always ready tc 
infuse into the miu Isof the little ones a desire for wrong-doing. 

In the Sunday school, however, the little child becomes 
acquainted with the principles of the gospel, as far as its little 
mind is capable of grasping the same. It becomes acquainted 
with the fact that, not only the little family circle surrounding 
the hearth of it- happy home have a reason to express their 
gratitude for the blessings received from the Lord, but that 
His grace has also been extended to all its playmates and their 
homes. 

This naturally causes the young mind to look up with rever- 
ence to this good and loving Being that so kindly provides for 
all our wants, and when the child is taught that it is the will 



''hi 
58 



sm 



•j**- 



0"TJ"V":e:ETX:d:E IK"STE,UGTOB. 



81 





of God that His Son Jesus Christ should be our intercessor 
before His throne, it is not difficult to instill into his heart the 
love for everything connected with these almighty and merci- 
ful Givers of all blessings. 

Not only for the younger children, but also for the grown-up 
sons and daughters of Zion, have the Sunday schools proven 
a source of great benefit. And many a missionary, while 
proclaiming the truths of the gospel to unbelievers, has with 
gratitude remembered the place where first the principles of 
salvation were explained to him. 

The Sunday school songs resound many a time from the 
distant shores of Babylon, inspiring the oft-times rejected 
servant of God with new zeal and greater desire to persevere 
in the work that God has appointed him unto. 

And this is as it ought to be. The Sunday school should 
be the moral and religious educator of the youth. It should 
be the place where the young boy or girl may lay the founda- 
tion for a religious life. It should be the place for them to 
first learn, publicly, to raise their voices in prayer to the Lord. 
It should be the place to first publicly express their joy in the 
work of God. In fact, every desire to become of general use 
to the cause of Zion should have its first and main encourage- 
ment in the Sunday school. 

Numerous measures have been adopted for the accomplish- 
ment of this object, but none has been more efficacious than 
that of setting to work every member that is willing to labor 
for the kingdom of God. There is a natural and growing 
desire in every young breast to become popular among his or 
her associates. If this ambition can be directed into the right 
channel, it is sure to be productive of good. But if it 
remains unheeded by those in whom it mostly confides, it may 
seek a field for achievement among those who are of an 
opposite spirit and hence more willing to applaud the actions 
of one who is won over on their side. 

The visits of missionaries from school to school have 
undoubtedly been a great benefit to the Sunday school work. 
Not only have these men had an opportunity of acquainting 
themselves with the different modes of conducting the exer- 
cises, but they are also able to give information regarding any 
improvement they detect during their travels. If this system, 
however, were adopted on a larger scale, it is reasonable to 
suppose that a still larger amount of benefit might be derived 
therefrom. 

If, for instance, the plan assumed by the Mutual Improve- 
ment Associations were to be adopted, and members sent 
weekly from one school to another, it would not only be bene- 
ficial so far as the schools were concerned, but it would be of 
great advantage to the individuals thus appointed. The time 
they might occupy in speaking, however short, would give 
them courage to stand up before a public assembly, and 
express their thoughts with freedom, even if they were 
clothed ia few and simple word?. And, should such persons 
be call.-! to be ministers of the gospel among the nations of 
the earth, how satisfactory it would be for th in to contem- 
plate that the Sunday school had been the means of assisting 
them in overcoming the difficulty of addressing an audience 
without that nervous embarrassment that so many of our 
Elders have had to labor under. 

[Jo ides, it would give active work to quite a few of the 
grown-up members of the Sunday schools/who undoubtedly 
would feel the necessity of a close study of the principles of 
the gospel, and through this siudy be convinced of the 
sacredncss and importance of the covenant which they and 
their fathers before them have male with God. 



While it would be preferable, of course, that the youth 
should spontaneously evince an interest in the work of God, it 
must also be considered that natural bashfulness prevents 
many a boy and many a girl from making themselves as useful 
for the kingdom of God as they otherwise might be. 

But in almost every case where the youth have been 
called upon by the servants of God, to perform any duty con- 
nected with the work of the Lord, the spirit of obedience 
inherited from their fathers, has manifested itself instan- 
taneously. And the many young men now in the missionary 
field are standing testimonies to the fact that the young are 
willing and always ready to labor for the interests of the work 
of God. 



Correspondence. 



Elybia. Lorain County, Ohio. 

March 1st, 1881. 

Mr. George C. Lambert, 

Dear Brother :— Though several months have 
elapsed since I have written to you, it has not been because Iliad 
forgotten my far-off mountain home, but because I was really 
too busy to write. 

The past few months have been with me truly a Lime of trial 
and triumph. Never have I felt so great a need of Divine assist- 
ance; and never before have I realized so fully my Heavenly 
Father's care. 

Having finished my work in Canada, and finding no further 
opportunity to preach the gospel, I came over to St. Clair Co., 
Michigan, where I have a large number of relatives residing, 
and where also my father is buried. 

September 29th, 1880, I visited my father's grave and replaced 
the simple slab that marks his resting place. 

I cannot describe to you the feeling of satisfaction which I 
enjoyed when I thought of the work which had been done for 
him in the temple of St. George. Invisible personages seemed 
to whisper to me their thanks, and I felt a thousand times repaid 
for all that I had done. 

Since the middle of October I have been busily engaged at 
work in Detroit, sometimes working as much as fifteen hours per 
day. 

"Whenever i have had a chance 1 have home my testimony to 
the principles of the gospel, and also by means of Church publi- 
cations. 

I have been able tu di -'. oy some prejudice, and sow the seeds 
of truth in some honest hearts. In all I baptized si* souls, our 
of whom was my own mother, who, having laid aside prejudice, 
was convinced of the truth of the gospel. I expect to baptize 
another in a lew days. 

In the latter >arl i f 1 ry, Brothers S. (J. Bunnel and 1). 

E, llan-is who nre fiiithfullj laboring in this State, gavo me n 
visit. It was a time of rejoicing, for they were the first Elders I 
had -ecu since leaving our mountain home, last April. 

They stayed with me two nights, and then, though it was 
storming terribly, they took their departure, intent only on the 
great work to which they are called. 

February 24th I came down to Elyrift, where President Win. 
M. Palmer now Is. His health has bi en \ cry poor, but is now a 
little improved 

We aro holding meetings about three miles south from here 
with considerable prospect of good being done. 

Brother Frinli and family, of this place, expect to gather t,, 
Zion this spring, ami I hope to return with them. 

Vours in the gospel, 



J, II. Wari 




3^" 






JUYEUILE IISTSTRTJOTOE, 



HEAVEN'S WORDS OF LOVE. 
Words by J. L. Townsend. 




Music by A. C. S. 



IZJ£ 






Gen - tly now, An - gry brow 
Friendship keep, Har - vest reap 



— V 



=ap 



=3: 



J — e>i- 



^_-^^ S — : 



'We should nev - er, 
Of the sweet - er 



nev - er see; 
joys a - bore, 



Hold most dear 
"We shall find, 



*=t 



--W- 



-*i=m- 



2* 



=s= 



=g=£: 



=3fc 



-^ «- 



Brothers here, Let no an - ger 

If we mind Heav - en's words of 



be. Gen - tie tones of 

love. Let no e - vil 



lov - ing hearts, 
thoughts ae - crue, 




Sor - row heals and joy im - parts; Love and live to for - give 

See what gen - tie words will do, Love and live to for - give, 



Ev' - ry one most 
Gen - tie as the 



^H 



:=t= 



"f=" 

i 

free. 

dove. 



Love 
Love 



^=^=^^ = 



:^>: 



-; 



and live 

and live 



^E 



To 
To 



for - give 
for - give, 



Ev' - ry 
Gen - tie 



=*=: 



:qv 



s»- 



one 
as 



most 
the 



1^— — 



free, 
dove. 



PLURALITY OE WIVES. 



BY ALEXANDER ROBBINS, .IB. 



Ye tl loginns, pray tell mo why. 

(If such page counsel in your craniums lie), 

Those ancient men of God took many wives, 

Tn sacred union, for eternal lives? 

If what you say be true, that 'tis a shame 

Tn duplicate the bearer of your name, 

Shall lapse of time make righteous Abra'm base, 

And take a Jacob's Racbael from nor place? 

Consign n Gideon to a guilty grave, 

And damn a Moses that did Israel save? 

( )r has the Greal I A M to you re> eale 1 

A secret, from His Prophets kepi concealed? 

Or have you found it in the Sacred Writ? 

(From liil to lid you've scanned in ••very whit) ; 

1 f so, please quote it; I. like you, confide 

In Unit sage volume, left us for our guide: 

I rea I within that book you so extol. 

That <••••} to David gave the wives of Saul ; 

l)r, you condemn Him— say it was n crime 

To give one man tw.> women at a time? 

A thousand pities you had no( 1 n there, 

To manifest your wisdom and your care. 

'1 he lime the Prophet saw is on the wing, 
"When seven women t" <'ti" man shall clii 
or the lark of clothing, or of bread, 
But for a husband — ( ir a man — a head), 
To obviate reproach and -hare his na-: e, 
\ • be single then will In- a shame. 
Fur war will strew its victims o'er the plain, 
And maddened men r ish heedless to bo slain; 
"A mat pi tcious in the land 

Than golden wedges from the Ophir strand." 

If you, perchance, among tl> worthies stand, 

And "seven WO ing hand, 




1 



Do not reject the six and save the one, 
And boast of magnanimity when done. 
If "Saviors on Mount Zion" you would be, 
Seek not to bind what God hath ordained free; 
Yet, in your freedom, don't yourselves debase, 
Like heartless wretches of the gentile race: 
Be saviors, not destroyers, of the fair. 
Let truth and virtue be your Polar Star; 
Appreciate the blessings to you given; 
Fulfill your destiny in earth and heaven. 



Intellecttjal Culture. — A cultivated mind may be said 
to have infinite stores of innocent gratification. Everything 
may be interesting to it, by becoming a subject of thought or 
inquiry. Books, merely as a gratification, are worth more 
than all the luxuries on earth. A taste for literature secures 
cheerful occupation for the unemployed and languid hours of 
life; and how many persons, in those hours, for want of inno- 
cent resources, are now impelled to coarse pleasure? How 
many young men in this city, who, unaccustomed to find a 
companion in a book, and strangers to intellectual activity, are 
almost driven, in the long, dull evenings of winter, to haunts 
of intemperance and bad society. 

JT-CTVIEILNrilL.E IlSTSTZR/lTOTOKi 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
on the first and fifteenth of every month. 



i. !■:<> It«. E Q. CANNON, 



I lllllllt. 



TEBMS IN ADVANCE. 
Single Copy, per Annum, - - - $2.00. 
On Copies Sent bv Mail, Outside of Salt Lake Coucfy 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 
5F»-()lfice, South Temple Street,'One-and-a-half Blocks We> t 
of Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




