^©^ 




E9MNESS TO TEE LQBB. 

r 




VOL. XVI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 1, 188] 



NO. 1. 



VANITY 



/^AN this be the 
^ girl, now grown 
up, whom we last saw 
looking into the water, 
to see if she had a 
pretty face? If it is, 
I fear she has not had 
the wise teachings 
we desired her to 
have. 

This girl looks vain 
and trifling, and her 
dress and hair partake 
of the same character; 
and she spends much 
time looking at ter- 
self in the glass, in- 
stead of cultivating 
her mind, and making 
her person and char- 
acter beautiful by in- 
telligence, and intel- ' 
lectual attainments, 
which form a beauty 
that will never die. 

I have seen girls — 
yes, and women too — 
stand or sit, placing 
themselves purposely 
before the glass, and 
while talking to the 
company, turn every 
moment, their eyes to 
the glass to see how 
they looked, and evi- 
dently to admire them- 
selves. 

I almost blushed for 
them, to sec how vain 
and foolish they were 
and that they did not, 
i v.-n care who noticed 
a. 





Most people try to 
hide their faults, but 
here was a glaring 
display of one of the 
most repelling vices 
ia women, that is, 
vanity. And they 
seemed so lost in 
ignorance that they 
were not even aware 
of it. 

Understand, my 
young sisters, there 
ii no self-esteem in 
all this. 

Self-esteem would 
shrink from anything 
so frivolous. It is, or 
ought to be, woman's 
especial attribute, for 
trod gave it to her. 
It teaches her self- 
respect and self-rever- 
ence, makes her sensi- 
ble in a moment of 
anything that verges 
upon undue familiari- 
ty. Her purity should 
fold her round as 
with a mantle. Even in 
her gayest moods, she 
should never throV it 
off, but wear it under 
all circumstances as an 
eternal robe of right- 
eousness. 

I should he afraid 
of tho future of a 
girl full of vanity ami 
selt-oonoeit, if she 
came in contact with 
temptation; but a 1 
wh us character i< 





J" "U~ "VIE IN" I LIE I^STBTJCTOB, 




based upon self-esteem may be trusted every where without 
fear. She carries her safegaurd with her, and there need be 
no fear about her. 

My young sisters, do not take the girl in this picture as an 
example, she is not worthy. I hope we shall next see one 
more worthy of your imitation. Be sure you always take 
your model from the highest type. H. T. K. 



^*-c=- 



FORGIVENESS. 



BT R. A. 



"I'LL never forgive him!" 
J. been uttered by Gentile, 



How often have these words 
Jew and Latter-day Saint; but 
has it been spoken under a good influence? No. The adversary 
and bis emissaries are always ready to prompt people, when 
angry, to use foolish and inconsistent expressions. "I'll 
never forgive him !" "I'll never forgive her!" What un- 
merciful beings we are. Does theLord forgive us when we sin 
against Him? Yes, if we ask Him in a proper way. Woe be 
to us if the Lord were to say to us, after sinning against Him, 
"I'll never forgive you!" 

How many boys and girls there are in Utah, who get dis- 
pleased at very trivial offenses, and say they will never forgive 
their brother or sister who has wronged them ! 

The Savior says: "But if ye forgive not men their tres- 
passes neither will your Heavenly Father forgive your 
trespasses." This passage of scripture should be indelibly 
impressed upon our memories. No one is worthy to partake 
of the sacrament who has feelings against his brother or sister. 
And it is useless, when we say our daily prayers, to ask the 
Lord to forgive us our sins, if we refuse to forgive those who 
>in against us. 

Think of what the Redeemer passed through just previous 
to His death. He was spit upon, buffeted, reviled and then 
crucified; and what were His dying words? "Father, forgive 
them; for they know not what they do." 

1 would say to those of our readers who feel revengeful in 
their feelings for wrongs done to them by their brethren and 
sisters, ponder over in your minds the dying words of the 
Savior upon the cross. 

A lew words in tbiise of mature years: There are quite a 
number calling themselves Latter-day Saints, who have feel- 
ings with one another. For some frivolous cause they will 
pass each other on the street without speaking a word, and 
feelings "1' hatred exist in their bosoms. Fur weeks, months, 
nay perhaps years, these feelings are the same. 

Let u- reflect. We are all children of the same Father; all 
brothers and sister-. The Savior -ays: "I, uve nne another." 

What a happy family we should he if we could carry out this 

blessed maxim! Perfection would then reign. 

In conclusion, I will quote the following, from Matthew 
xviii.. 15-18: 

"Moreover if thy brother -hall trespass against thee, go 
and till him his fault between thee and him alone: if he shall 
hear thee, thou ha-t gained thy brother. Hut if he will nol 
bee, then take with thee one or two more, that in the 
mouth of tw • three win - every word may be estab- 
lished. And if he shall neglect In lnar them, tidl it unto the 
church: but it he neglect to hear the church, let him he unto 
thee a- an heathen man aid a publican." 



b\ 



To bririL' up a child in the way it should go, lead the way. 



JOSEPH HENRY. 



BY J. L. B. 



^EHIS name may not be yet known to our young readers, 
■*■ but there are so many things connected with his history 
that are "likely to be interesting and encouraging to relate 
respecting him, that a brief notice will be given of this great 
and good man. 

Joseph Henry was of Scotch descent; his grandfather and 
grandmother landed at New York from the same vessel, on 
the day before the battle of Bunker's Hill. This was on the 
lGth of June, 1775, and little more than a century ago. 

How great a part the Henrjs took in the history of their 
adopted country is not known, but they settled in the State of 
New York. 

In 1799 Joseph Henry was born, and we learn that when he 
was nine years old, his father, William Henry, died. 

The early education of Joseph Henry was such as a common 
country school affords, but at an early age a fondness for read- 
ing and study were developed in him in a rather curious 
manner. 

It appears that by accident he found his way into the village 
meeting house, being at the time in pursuit of a pet rabbit. 
Through the broken floor of this building a light was seen, 
and young Henry was tempted to enter, where he found a 
book-case containing the village library. He took down a 
book, and soon got absorbed in its contents. Again and 
again he visited the library, and at length obtained permission 
to use it in the regular way. 

At this time master Joseph Henry was an- office boy in a 
store. He acquired a knowledge of working in metals as a 
silversmith, a very important part of his education as it 
afterwards proved, as he there acquired a manual dexterity 
very useful to him. But the silversmith failed, and young 
Henry was thrown out of employment. 

To a taste for reading romances and attending the theatre, 
he owed his thirst for histrionic business, which soon brought 
him behind the scenes, where he learned the methods of produ- 
cing stage effects. Very soon he was the president of a juvenile 
forensic and theatrical society. 

We read that, beirig of attractive form and features, and of 
prepossessing address, he bid fair to become an actor. But, 
although he would doubtless have become eminent in that 
line, Providence intended him for usefulness in a different 
vocation. 

After a slight illness a book was lent him. In this book, 
among other things, were the following questions, which per- 
haps may arrest the attention of some other young philosphers 
in embryo : 

"You throw a stone or shoot an arrow into the air; why 
does it not go forward in the line or direction that you give it? 
Why does it stop at a certain distance, and then return to 
you? ( >n the contrary, why does flame or smoke always 
mount upward, though no force is used to send them in that 
direction? And why should not the flame of a candle drop 
toward the floor when you reverse it, or hold it downward, 
instead of turning upwards and ascending into the air? 
Again, you look into a clear well of water and see your own 
face and figure as if painted there. Why is this? We tire 
told that it is done by reflection of light. Hut what is reflec- 
tion of light?" 

VounL' Joseph Henry had not the facilities that most of our 
youth arc in possession of; we have our Young Men's and 




fv 





J"TJ"V"E13SriI-.E I1TSTE/TJOTOB, 




Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement xVssociations. But from 
the moment of reading the questions mentioned, he resolved to 
seek for explanations. At the nest meeting of the dramatic 
association he resigned the office of president, and told his 
comrades that in future "he intended to prepare to play his 
part on another stage." 

Gradually the young student became a scholar, and at length 
a teacher in a country school, then a professor of mathematics 
in the Albany Academy. 

About this time (1S2S) another scientific investigator, 
a gentleman named James Smithson, had determined to 
divide his patrimony "to found at "Washington an establish- 
ment for the increase and diffusion of knowledge among 
men." 

Professor Asa Gray, in noticing this singular incident, says: 
"Who could have thought that the poor lad, who resolved to 
seek for knowledge as a hid treasure, and the rich man of 
noble lineage, who resolved that his treasure should increase 
and diffuse knowledge, would ever stand in this interesting 
relation ; that the one would direct and shape the establish- 
ment which the other willed to be founded." 

We cannot even glance at the various achievements of Pro- 
fessor Joseph Henry, in winning fame in the fields of science. 
In 1846 he was advanced from the choir of natural philosophy 
at Princeton, to be the secretary and director of the Smith- 
sonian Museum, our grand central national museum at 
Washington. 

The object of writing this brief notice of Professor Joseph 
Henry, is to place before our youth the sentiments entertained 
by him on the great question of religion, for he was pre- 
eminently a scientist, and his words should be treasured in the 
hearts of our youth at this time, when there is a great ten- 
dency for smatterers in scientific knowledge to throw doubts 
upon the great truths relating to Deity. 

His very definition of science is this: "Science is the knowl- 
edge of phenomena, whether they relate to mind or matter." 
On another occasion he says : "The person who thought there 
would be any real conflict between science and religion must 
be either very young in science or ignorant of religion." 



JOTTINGS BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



BY STREBEN. 




(Continued.) 

THE actions of the authorities in stopping our meetings 
soon became known, as the newspapers commented upon 
it, and it caused much rejoicing among those who desired to 
see the downfall of "Mormonism." It also seemed to be the 
signal for every one who harbored any bitter feelings against 
us, to make expression of them, and also to use their utmost 
endeavors to injure us. Every wicked name and unpleasant 
epithet was applied to us as we passed along the streets, and 
threats of thrashings, stonings, etc., were made, but never 
carried into effect, for which, naturally, we were very glad. 

At all events, there was at least one policeman who was wil- 
ling to allow of our being handled roughly by our enemies, for 
he made use of the following expression: "If those two 
'Mormon' preachers are stoned or beaten, we will not arrest 
those who do it." 

Notwithstanding everything that was done in order to injure 
us, still the protecting arm of Jehovah was around us, and 
the plans of the evil one were ineffectual. 



Our general meetisgs being prohibited, it was necessary that 
some means be used in order to retain those firm in the faith 
who already belonged to the Church, and also that those who 
were enquiring into our teachings at the time of this prohibition 
might continue in their searchings and then receive the ordin- 
ances of the gospel. 

We according!}' organized the priesthood more thoroughly, 
and instructed them to visit the Saints every two weeks, if possi- 
ble. We also allowed no day to pass without visiting around, and, 
in addition, we arranged it so that small meetings could be held 
on Sundays, in some out-of-the-way place, so as to be unnotic- 
able to the police. 

Of course, we had to use every precaution so as to avoid 
detection, as we were very closely watched. However, the 
plan was adopted and is still retained, of meeting when the 
weather was fine, out in the woods which are close by Mann- 
heim ; but when it was stormy we met at the homes of some 
of the Saints. We did not, however, meet for two consecu- 
tive Sundays in the same place, for in all probability had such 
been the case, it would have caused us trouble. 

Although we were put to considerable inconvenience, still 
we had cause to rejoice in all our assemblies, as the Lord 
blessed us and gave us His Spirit in greater abundance. Nor 
did the Church cease to grow in numbers, for my companion 
as well as myself had the pleasure of baptizing some honest 
souls shortly afterwards; and the priesthood continued to 
work with renewed energy for the conversion of their friends 
and acquaintances. 

The devil now saw his chance to work against us, and he did 
his utmost to create disunion and neglect among the members 
In many instances was this plainly visible ; yet God granted 
more strength in proportion to the temptation, so that peace 
and love still reigned supreme. 

It also transpired that it came to the ears of the city 
director that we continued our meetings in the way above 
named ; but on account of our constantly changing our meet- 
ing places, all efforts to discover us while holding meeting 
were unavailing. Nevertheless, the director told us that he 
had sufficient evidence to prove that we continued to hold our 
meetings, and again warned us to desist. 

The time had come, however, when my companion, who 
had faithfully labored for two years in this mission, was to 
return home with the spring emigration, and I was called to 
go to Switzerland and labor in the capital of that country for 
a time. 

One Sunday evening the Saints who were to emigrate from 
Switzerland anived in Mannheim, and were met by the breth- 
ren and sisters there. The evening and most of the night 
were spent very pleasantly and happily, every heart being filled 
with joy and every countenance beaming with pleasure ; those 
who could not go rejoiced with those who could, for they felt 
like one common family. 

The next morning about half-past five, the ship which was 
to carry the Saints down the Rhine, left the wharf in Mann- 
heim. I and three other Elders from Utah accompanied them 
as far as Worms on the way. At this place we stepped off 
the ship, after bidding the brethren and sisters "Good-by, 
God bless you." 

Tin' company numbered about sixty persons, and a more 
delighted and happy number of Saints it has not been my lot 
to behold. 

As wo were now in Worms, we determined not to leave 
without seeing something of the place. We therefore walked 
through the town, the notoriety of which, in connection with 





0-TJATEISriIL.E INSTBTJOTOB. 





the acts ot Martin Luther, the great reformer, is very 
great. 

The streets are mostly all narrow, and the houses have a 
very ancient-looking appearance. A nutnher of church 
towers overlook the city; but what attracted our attention the 
most, and to which we turned our steps, was the dome, or 
cathedral. This stands on a slight elevation, and the four 
antique towers, which stand at the corners cf the building, may 
be seen from a long distance. 

Were this edifice not a curiosity on account of its age, it 
wouid no doubt be abolished, for I did not see a single feature 
about it that can be reckoned as beautiful. Inside it contains 
some bass-relief representations, which have been preserved 
from the eleventh and twelfth ceDturies; also the coats- of-arins 
of ancient kings and noblemen. These are all that are of any 
worth which are to le seen in this place, unless bare walls, 
may be accounted as an attraction. This cathedral, together 
with nearly all of those in this part of Germany, has suffered 
nearly entire destruction from fire at the time of earlier wars 
with the French. 

The next thing which attracted our attention was the monu- 
ment erected to the memory of Luther and others who bore 
an important part in the Reformation. This is a most beauti- 
ful piece of work, and is well worthy of the admiration of the 
hundreds who visit Worms for the sole purpose of seeing it. 

The foundation is forty feet square and stands two feet 
above the ground, and is built of granite. On the four cor- 
ners of this foundation are pedestals, eight feet high, on 
which are bronze statues, eight-and-a-half feet high, of 
Frederich, the Wise, Philip, langrave of Ilessen, Philip 
Melancthon and John Eeuchlin, who were all supporters and 
promoters of the Reformation. 

Between these statues on three sides a wall is extended, on 
which are shown the coat-of-arms of twenty-four cities which 
had fought and suffered for the Reformation, In the middle 
of these three walls are three figures representing the "Pro- 
testing Speier," the "Mourning Magdeburg" and "Augsburg 
with the Palm of Peace." 

In the middle of the monument, and as a crown to the 
whole structure, stands a bronze statue, ten-and-a-half feet 
high, of the renowned Luther, standing mi a pedestal of pol- 
ishi d syenite, twenty-seven feet high. Just below this ;,t the 
four c irners of the pedestal, are figures of Peter Waldus, the 
Frenchman, John Wickliff, the Englishman, John Huss, the 
Bohemian and Heronymus Savonarola, the Italian, all op 
whom relu-ed to follow in the paths marked out by the Pope 
in Rome. 

(In the sides of tin- pedestal arc bass-relief sc< ci s i I events 
which occurred in Luther's life, medallions of eight men who 
wore his forerunners and successors, or followers, and also five 
of his expressions whi< h are worthy of note. 

The one of which he made use wl.cn summoned before the 
council in Wi rms to defend the position he took in opposition 
t" Catholicism, and by reason of which the monument was 
erected, is, "Here do I stand, I cannot '1" otherwise. God 
help me! Amen!" The other four expressions here in- 
scribed arc: "The gospel which the Lord Ims laid in the 
mouth is Hi- swoi 1, with which he smites the 

w irld as ■'■■ ith lightning and thunder ;" 'Faith is no thing else 
than the true and proper life in God;" To understand the 
scriptures propel ly n quires the S| ii il of < !hi i-t : " ; ml ' Those 
who rightly on erstand Christ, cannot be taken prisoners ly 

the !aw> of n;i o; they a I'rei i ■ le fiesh, but 

according to the consciem 



This monument was commenced in the year 1S56 and ended 
in 1S68 ; it was the work of a number of skillful sculptors, 
and for proportion and beauty of workmanship I have never 
seen its superior. 

LTo be Continued.) 



^ M -g>- *& 



i g r n j) \] g . 



vTOSshpih: simzith: 
ip ir, o ie 3 ihi ie t 



THE 



[Continued. ) 

OX that, occasion President Brigham Young seemed to be 
transformed; and a change, such as that we read of in the 
scriptures as happening to the prophet Elisha, when Elijah 
was translated in his presence, seemed to have taken place with 
him. Themantle of the prophet Joseph had been left for him. 
You recollect that when Elijah, the prophet, was taken away, 
his mantle fell from him, and it was taken up by Elisha. He 
came to the river Jordan and he smote the waters, and they 
parted hither and thither. And when the sons of the prophets 
saw him, they said, "the spirit of Elijah doth rest onEliash," 
and they paid him honor, and acknowledged him as their pro- 
phet aud leader. Fo with President Brigham Young upon 
this occasion : the people said one to another, "the sjitirit of 
Joseph rested upon Brigham;" they knew that he was the 
man chosen to lead them, and they honored him accordingly. 
In his remarks to the congregation he alluded to the fact that 
instead of himself and brethren finding them mourning the 
death of their great leader, as Israel did the departureofMosesi 
they found them holding meetings to choose his successor. 
But if they wished to obtain the mind and will of the Lord 
concerning this subject, why did they not meet according to 
the order, and have a General Assembly of the several quorums, 
which constitute the spiritual authorities of the Church, a 
tribunal from whose decisions there was no appeal? In a 
moment, the few words he spoke upon this subject threw a flood 
of light upon it. The Elders remembered then the proper order. 
He desired t) see an Assembly of the quorums at two o'clock 
that afternoon, every quorum in its place and order, and a 
general meeting also of the members. 

The tones of his voice, his appearance, everything he said, 
and the spirit which accompanied his words, convinced the 
people that the leader whom God had selected to guide them 
stood before them, He was the master spirit on the occasion; 
and then, and afterwards in the following meeting, Sidney 
Kig Ion was as ignorant as a child might be in the presence of 
a wise and i xperienced man. There was a power, an influence 
and a wi-d>ai manifested, with whicii he could not cope. 
Probably do few words that were ever uttered by a servant of 
God gave greater relief and satisfaction than those spoken that 

ning by President Young; for at no other period in the 

history of the Church had the people beheld such a crisis. 

A- far as our observation went, (we were only a- boy at the 
time, ' the people were divided into three classes from the time 
of the death of Joseph up to this meeting of which we speak. 

One class fell clearly and understanding^ that President 

lirigham Young was the man whose right it was to preside, 

he being the President of I he Twelve Apostles, and that body 

through the death of Joseph and Hy rum, the presiding 




■S 

/"It* 




j-TJ^riEiFrii-.im iustbtjotob. 





oquram in the Church. Another class were not quite clear as 
to who would he called to preside; but they felt very certain 
that Sidney Rigdon was not the man. They did not believe 
that God would choose a coward and a traitor (o lead his peo- 
ple, to both of which characters they believed Rigdon had a 
claim. The third class, and we think its members were few, 
was composed of those who had no clear views one way or the 
other. They were undecided in their feelings. 

From this third class Rigdon afterwards drew away a few 
persons. They were ready to deny the faith and to forsake the 
truth, and, of course, were fit subjects for him to deceive. 
Rut the Latter-day Saints are a people of too positive a 
character to furnish many members to a class like this third of 
which we speak. Their views upon all subjects which are 
brought to their attention, and in which they have an interest, 
are very decided, the most so probably of any people on the 
earth, and especially so where they are faithful to the duties 
of their religion. 

With very few exceptions, then, the people returned to their 
homes from that meeting filled with great rejoicing. All uncer- 
tainty and anxiety were removed. They had heard the voice 
of the shepherd, and they knew it. 

In the afternoon the people were on the ground punctually 
at the time appointed. The several quorums were organized 
on and around the stand according to order. After the meeting 
was opened President Young arose and addressed the people. 
A synopsis of his remarks is preserved— we had no short-hand 
reporters then — and as they are so interesting, we give that 
synopsis in full, premising, however, that it does not do him 
the justice which a full report of his remarks would have done. 

"Attention, all ! This congregation makes me think of the days 
of king Benjamin, the multitude being so great that all couid not 
hear. I request the brethren not to have any feelings for being 
convened this afternoon, for it is necessary; we want you all to 
be still and give attention, that all may hear. Let-none complain 
because of the situation of the congregation, we will do the best 
we ran. 

"For the first time in my life, for the first time in your lives, 
for the first time in the kingdom of God in the 10th century, 
without a Prophet at our head, do I step forth to act in my calling 
in connection with t 1 v quorum of the twelve, as apostles of 
Jesus Christ unto this generation— apostles whom God has called 
by revelation through the Prophet Joseph, who are ordained and 
anointed to bear off the keys of the kingdom of God in all the 
world. 

"This people have hitherto walked by sight and not by faith. 
You have had the Prophet in your midst. Do you all under- 
stand? You have walked by sight and without much pleading 
to the Lord to know whether things were right or not. 

"Heretofore you have had a Prophet as the mouth of the 
Lord to speak to you, but he has sealed his testimony with his 
blood, and now, for the first time, are you called to walk by faith, 
not by sight. 

"The first position I take in behalfof theTwelve andthepeople 
is, to ask a few questions. I ask the Latter-day Saints, Do you, 
as individuals, at this time, want to choose a Prophet or a guardian? 
Inasmuch as our Prophet and Patriarch are taken from our midst, 
do you want some one to guard, to guide and lead you through 
this world into the kingdom of God or not? All that want some 
person to be a guardian or a Prophet, a spokesman or something 
else, signify it by raising the right hand. (No votes). 

"When I came to this stand I had peculiar feelings and im- 
pressions. The fares of this people seem to saj-, We want a shep- 
herd to guide and lead us through th is world. A II that want to 
draw away a partv from the Church after them, lot them do it if 
they can, hut they will not prosper. 

"If any man thinks he has influence among this people to lead 
away a party, lethim try it, and he will find out that there is 



power with the Apostles which will carry them off victorious 
through all the world, and build up and defend the Church 
and kingdom of God. 

"What do the people want? I feel as though I wanted the 
privilege to weep and mourn for thirty days at least, then rise 
up, shake myself, and tell the people what the Lord wants 
of them; although my heart is too full of mourning to launch 
forth into business transactions and the organization of the 
Church, I feel compelled this day to step forth in the dis- 
charge of those duties God has placed upon me. 

"I now wish to speak of the organization of the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Later-day Saints. If the Church is organized, 
and you" want to know how it is organized, I will tell you. I 
know your feelings— do you want me to tell your feelings? 

"Here is President Rigdon, who was counselor to Joseph. I 
ask, where are Joseph and Hyrum? They are gone beyond the 
vail; and if Elder lligdon wants to act as his counselor, he must 
go beyond the vail \\ here he is. 

( To be Continued. ) 



A DIALOGUE, 

Between two Boys, who meet on the street. 



THOMAS — Hello, George, what is that you've got? 

George. — A pocket-book, that I have just found. 

T. — Oh! let me see it. Is there any money in it? 

G. — Yes, quite a lot. (Hands him the pocket-book.) 

T. — You're lucky ! Where did you find it? 

G. — Just out there in the road. 

T. — (Loolcing into the poelcet-looJc.) Whew! Look at the 
money! What are you going to buy with it, George? 

G. — Nothing, the money isn't mine. 

X. — (Surprised) Ln't yours! Why, didn't you find it? 

G.— Yes. 

T.— Well, whose is it, then? Isn't anything yours if you 
find it? 

G. — No; it belongs to the person that lost it. 

T. — What arc you going to do with it, then? 

G. — Find the owner and give it back to him. 

T. — Why, I know a boy who found some money and kept 
it, and never tried to find the owner. 

G.— Well, that boy was dishonest. I don't want to be dis- 
honest. 

T.— Why, that wasn't stealing, was it? 

G.— Next thing to it, I guess. It wasn't doing right. 

T.— Well, what are you going to charge the owner for find- 
ing it. 

G. — Nothing, it wasn't any trouble to me. 

T.— Rut you expect him to give you something, don't you, 
if you let him have it back? 

Q- — No ! My pa says I must be honest because it is right, 
not for pay. lie says the best way to get a living is to earn it, 
not, to have it given to me. 

T.— Well, I believe you are right! If I lost anything I 
wouldn't likeany person to find it and keep it; nor, to charge me 
a high price for returning it, cither, for I might not be able .to 
pay it. It might be a poor man that lost that pocket-book. 
G. — Yes, and it might be all the money he had. 

T.— Oh! won't it make him feel glad then, to get it again! 
1 wi-li I could see him when you give it back to him. 

<;, 1 guess it will make him glad, and that will be all the 
pay I'll want. So, now I'll go on homo and get my pa to find 
the owner. 



Experience makes fools wise. 





JTJYEUILE I^STBTJOTOE. 






GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOK. 






SALT LAKE CITY, JANUAKY 1, 1881. 

ZEZDITOIRIJk.Ij THOTJGHT8. 
ANY new members of the Church have 
thought that if the}' could have belonged 
to the Church at an early day, they might 
have shared in the persecutions of those 
times and they would have had experience 
which would have been valuable to them. 
Perhaps some of our juvenile readers 
have had such thoughts. We know at 
least one person who, when a boy, wished 
he could have passed through the perse- 
cutions which he was too young to have shared 
in. This is a very natural feeling for persons 
of a zealous, ardent disposition. But do mem- 
; O* bers of this Church have any real cause to 
indulge in these feelings? No ; for the best 
of all reasons; that all the persecutions and trials 
D which the Church will have to pass through have not 
J yet been met. If there were to be no more trials 
and difficulties, and persecutions had all ended, 
then ttey might think they could not get the experience 
whi.-l, these bring. But is this the case? Not at all. The 
persecutions of the Saints from this time forward may not be 
of the same charcter in every respect that they were in earlier 
days ; but they will be as profitable to those who endure them. 
As long as Satan is loose and has power to tempt men and 
women and lead them astray, he will concoct mischief; he 
will try and make trouble for the people of God. Through 
his agency they will have trials, difficulties and peraections. 
This will continue to be the case until Jesus comes and Satan 
is bound. He will not let this work of God alone; he will 
not let the Saints of God alone. No one need expect this. 
We may become numereous, wealthy and powerful. But 
his opposition will increase in proportion. 

When the Latter-day Saints were few in number, they were 
deemed too insignificent to call forth more than the active 
opposition of a township; afterwards, as they increased, a 
County was aroused ; then a few Counties; and then a State ; 
but now, we have become so prominent that our case calls for 
the notice of the head of (he nation ; if has become national. 
Will it stop here? Ui rtainly not. Other nations will oppose 
and try and destroy this work of God and the Saints, until 
the whole of Babylon will be arrayed against us. ( )ur enemies 
are helping to bring this about. They have done this 
from the beginning: The township talked and published 
about us so much that we were brought to the attention of the 
County, and Counties; and the Counties got so excited over 
us that the attention of the State was drawn to us; then the 
cutions and attacks upon us by the State, ami States, 
attracted the notice of the nation. Por several years past 
we have teen idveitiscd by the Presidents of the United 
States in various messages. By this means we are made 
known to the whole world. Those who give us this notice have 
no idea that they are helping to fulfill our destiny. They think 
they are giving us blows. But this j s not so. They cause 
people to think about us, to talk about us and to write 
about us. 



The Latter-day Saints cannot remain obscure. Their enemies 
will not permit this. We say to our nation: "Let us alone; 
we do not hurt you or any body else; leave us in peace to 
quietly pursue our course." But our officials, to this appeal, 
reply: "We can not let you alone. You are too wicked. We 
are shocked at you. Your practices are a reproach to our 
civilization. We are ashamed to have such a people in our 
nation. We want all the world to know that we have no 
sympathy with you. If we did not cry out against you, people 
would think we believed in and sanctioned polygamy."' 

If we had our way we would not make much fuss in the 
world. We would not attract much attention. We believe 
the most of us would like to pass through life very quietly, to 
plod along unnoticed. The Latter-day Saints are far from 
being an impudent people, who crowd themselves into pub- 
licity. Content with our religion, we would like to live it in 
peace. But Satan will not allow this. He is determined to 
advertise us. He stirs up people to single us out, to point the 
finger at us, to talk about us, to write and publish, and preach 
and lecture about us. He thinks we dislike all this ; and 
naturally enough we do dislike it. Sometimes it is a trial to 
us, and we think we are greatly persecuted thereby. This 
pleases him and his followers. It encourages them. They 
think they are hurting us and injuring the work, and they re- 
double their efforts. Now it is in this that Satan overreaches 
himself. He is active and cunning and persevering and malig- 
nant, but he is not wise. His servants are the same. Look 
at that which they do ! They are restless, they are lull of 
falsehood and intrigue. Their chief weapon is falsehood. If 
they can only tell lies enough, and repeat them so often that 
people will believe them, they think they will succeed. So 
they let their imaginations loose. 

In the world popularity is sought after more than anything 
else. To get riches, which is one of the chief means of pop- 
ularity, men will imperil their souls. The world talks about 
God and His worship ; but the god which the world worships 
is popularity. 

Judging by the standard of the world, therefore, when 
individuals or a people are made unpopular, they receive the 
worst possible injury. And it is upon this idea that Satan 
and his servants act. Their constant aim is to place us under 
the ban of the world ; and therefore every conceivable mis- 
representation is circulated about us, and the more widely this 
is done the better they are pleased. In this they commit an 
egregious blunder. It is a blunder for this reason — they ad- 
vertise us: make mankind acquainted with us. In the case 
of a people such as we are, and with such a destiny as ours, 
this is of immense benefit to us. If they did not do it for us, 
we, to fulfill our mission, would have to do it for ourselves, for 
a people of angelic nature and heavenly lives, if obscure and 
unknown, could have but little effect upon their generation or 
upon the events of the times. 

Publicity, wide-spread publicity is, then, very necessary for 
the Latter-day Saints and the work with which we are identi- 
fied. We could not get this as we do at present by any efforts 
of ourselves alone; but our opponents furnish it to us. It is 
a great point gained for all the reading portion of mankind to 
know that such a people as the Latter-day Saints live, and 
that they have a system of such a character and importance 
as to call for notice from the President of the United States in 
so prominent a state paper as the annual message to Congress, 
and a circular from the Secretary of State, such as Mr. Evarts 
issued, to the consuls and diplomatic agents of the nations 
abroad, with suggestions to check its growth. We may not 





CTTT'V^EIN'IX-.IE] IITSTEUCTOB, 



always appreciate this method of crowding fame upon us. 
We may feel that the various attacks made upon us by the 
opponents of the work are outrages. We do not say they are 
not. Their authors deserve no credit for them ; for they in- 
tend them as blows. But let us look at these dispassionately 
and philosophically, and we shall perceive, that in the end, 
under the overruling providence of God, who makes the wrath 
of man praise Him, they play an exceedingly important part 
in our favor. 

We say again, therefore, no one need be afraid that trials 
and persecutions are all behind us. If they live and remain 
connected with this Church, the most ardent and zealous can- 
didates for experience of this character will be likely to get all 
that is necessary to satisfy them. Satan is not likely to die 
soon. Just now he is a very lively personage, and we have no 
idea that he is likely to slacken in his activity while he has so 
many, as at present ready to do what he wants. 



THE 



LANDS OF 

NEPHITES. 



THE 



NEPHI UNDER THE LAMANITES. 



BV G. R. 

[Continued.) 

IN the second generation the Nephites began to grow 
numerous, and iniquity made its appearance among them. 
It was then that Jacob, their priest (the younger brother of 
Nephi), prophesied: "The time speedily cometh, that except ye 
repent, they" (the Lamanites) "shall possess the land of your 
inheritance, and the Lord God will lead away the righteous out 
from among you" (134).* This prophecy was completely ful- 
filled about 300 years or so afterwards, when Mosiah, by the 
command of God, led the righteous Nephites out of the land 
of their inheritance — the land of Nephi — down into the land 
of Zaraherola (155). 

From this time the land of Nephi was possessed and ruled 
by the posterity of Laman, Lemuel and Ishmael, or by 
Nephite apostates, who, with superior cunning, worked them- 
selves on to the Lamanitish throne. 

During the era that the Nephites dwelt in the land of 
Nephi, they built several cities. These the Lamanites eagerly 
took possession of when Mosiah and his people vacated them. 
We are not told when and by whom these cities were founded, 
such particulars, doubtless, appear on the plates of the kings. 
It is only incidentally that we learn anything regarding them, 
which is found in the record of Zeniff's return from Zara- 
hemla, and re-occupancy, by treaty with the Lamanites, of a 
portion of the old Nephite home. 

The Lamanites of that age were a wild, ferocious, blood- 
thirsty and nomadic race, who did not build cities, for the 
simple reason that they had neither the inclination nor the 
skill. But when they found the Nephite cities deserted of 
their inhabitants, they immediately occupied them. Even 
then, they did not enlarge or repair them, but let them fall 
into gradual decay. 

No sooner had the Lamanites surrendered the cities of 
Lehi-Nephi and Shilom to Zeniff, than his people set to work 
to build buildings and to repair their walls (182). In the next 
generation King Noah cauBed many fine buildings and towers 
to be built in both the lands of Lshi-Nephi and Shilom ( 1X7). 

The two cities above mentioned are the only ones directly 



* Xhr figures refer t" pagci m '!»■ Book of Mormon, now edition. 




spoken of in the Book of Mormon up to this time. There 
was most probably a city built in the contiguous land of 
Shemlon, which was held by the Lamanites, but it is never 
mentioned by name. 

We judge Shilom Ia3' to the northward of Lehi-Nephi, and 
in the same valley or plateau ; otherwise it could not have 
been so completely viewed from King Noah's tower, men- 
tioned in our last chapter. Its relative position to Lehi-Nephi 
appears from the fact that those who went to or from the land 
of Zarahemla, generally did so by way of Shilom ; it seems to 
have lain in the direct route between the two capital cities. 
Amnion, the Zarahemlite, and his company entered in that 
way, and Lemhi and his people escaped in this same direction 
(176 and 212). 

The next city that we read of is called Helam. It was 
located eight days' journey (213) from Nephi towards Zara- 
hemla, and was founded by Alma, the elder, and his followers, 
when they fled from the murderous persecutions of King 
Noah. This city and the surrounding country were called after 
the first man baptized by Alma in the waters of Mormon. 
His name was Helam (201), and he was doubtless a leader 
among that people. 

In the same direction from Nephi as Helam, and apparently 
adjoining thereto, lay the land of Amulon. It was first 
peopled by the fugitive priests of Noah, when they fled from 
the vengeance of the justly incensed Nephites. The leader 
of this band of wicked men was named Amulon, and in his 
honor the land was so called (215). The king of the Laman- 
ites afterwards made Amulon the tributary king, or chief local 
ruler over the lands of Helam and Amulon. From this we 
judge that they lay side by side, their boundaries extending 
indefinitely into the great wilderness. 

Our next information regarding the condition of the land of 
Nephi is gleaned from the history of the mission of the sons 
of King Mosiah, to the Lamanites in that region. This mis- 
sion commenced B. C. 91, and lasted fourteen j r ears (283). 

We now find the Lamanites considerably advanced in civiliza- 
tion, many of them inhabiting populous cities. The country 
is divided into several distinct kingdoms, each ruled by its 
own king, but all subject t» the head monarch whose court is 
at Nephi (299). 

The lands specially menlioned in connection with this mis- 
sion are those of Nephi, Middoni, Ishmael, Shilom, Shemlon, 
Helam, Amulon and Jerusalem. 

Shilom and Shemlon we have already shown to be in the 
nsigh! orhojd of Lehi-Nephi; Helam, eight day's journey for 
loaded teams to the north, and Amulon not far distant there- 
from. It now becomes our duty to enquire what can be 
learned of the lands of Jerusalem. Ishmael and Middoni. 

The location of the land of Jerusalem is clearly stated. It 
was "away joining the borders of Mormon," that is, on the 
other side, probably east or north from Nephi. Here, some- 
where about 101 1 years B. C, the Lamanites with Amulonites 
and other apostate Nephites, built a great and thriving city, 
which they called Jerusalem, alter their father's ancient home 
in Judca (270). 

Here Aaron, the son of Mosiah, unsuccessfully preached 
the gospel. Its apostate citizens were too sin hardened to 
accept the message he bore. This city was afterwards de- 
stroyed on account of its great wickedness and persecution of 
the Saints, in the terrors that attended the crucifixion of the 
Savior, and waters came up in the place thereof (107). A 
stagnant sea, akin to that which covers Sodom and (lomorrah, 
occupies the place where once its proud palaces and rich 
synagogues stood. 






•ttt^iein-ielie: iustbtjotor. 




The first land visited by the missionary prince, Amnion, was 
Ishmael : its situation is not clearly stated. It was Joint from 
Nephi. This leads to the thought that it lay in the alluvial 
plains considerably east of the Andes. It does not seem com- 
patible with the narrative of Amnion's mission to believe it 
was situated in the narrow strip of wilderness that lay between 
the mountains and the Pacific Ocean. Its relative position 
to other lands precludes this idea. 

Near the highway that connected Ishmael and Nephi lay 
the laad of Middoni. This is shown by the fact that when 
Ammon and King Lamoni were traveling from Ishmael to- 
wards Middoni they met Lamoni's father, the head king of 
all the land (295), coming from Nephi. This leads to the con- 
clusion that the same road from Ishmael led to both Nephi 
and Middoni. 

Nephi is called up from both these lands (294 and 300); we, 
therefore, suggest that, like Ishmael, Middoni occupied a por- 
tion of the lower lands on the eastern borders of the Andes, 
but somewhat nearer the capital city. 

(To be Continued.) 



LETTER TO THE BOYS. 




Salt Lake City, 

December 27th, 1SS0. 
G. H. Riiead thinks the "Word of Wisdom" a 
good subject to write upon ; yes, I think it is always a good 
subject, and it is one upon which so much has teen spoken and 
preached that it seems enough has been said; it only remains 
for us to reduce it to practice. 

The "Word of Wisdom" comprises a volume, which it 
would do well for all to study, for it is a regime that relates to 
our en. ire life ; eating and drinking being two grand essentials. 

I have not space to elaborate the subject. Consider and 
read the volume with prayer and attention, and you will be 
greatly benefited thereby. We ought to learn to be our 
own physicans! 

ENOCH BROWN'S letter denotes a thinking, consistent, 
manly mind ; and does credit to his head and heart. He seems 
to have a comprehension of things that make good Latter-day 
Saints. 

"Tithing!" I do believe that young men and women earning 
anything, in whatever way, will be blessed and prospered if 
they will make it a rule to pay their tithing, according to their 
means. This ought to be done by the young as well as by 
those of more mature years. 

Dear brother, I am much pleased with your letter, and will 
say "Continue in well doing." In keeping up this correspond- 
ence, express your ideas, ask a question or questions, and 
this will call out what is in us. 

Myron A. Abbott: — Your letters are ever sensible and 
good, and L see that your mind is alive to the duties of life. 
Continue to cultivate it, and in days to come you will be able 
i" say and realiz • "My mind to me a kingdom is." 

Yon suggest etiquette as a subject, attention to which is 
certainly good, for good manners make a "letter of introduc- 
tion,' that i- very desirable to cary about with us. 

Pi iple who seem to think manners beneath their notice 
ma i grcal mistake, fur they have alone made many a 
fortune; and, on the other hand, indifference to manners has 
marred as m 

A thorough Latter-day Saint will have much of good man- 
ners, even if he should not have been trained in the .school of 
politeness. Still, there are technical rules that at once denote 



the lady or gentleman, and certainly they are very delightful 
when we meet such, and should never be despised or thought 
unnecessary. 

You will see the highest style of politeness in the sacred 
pages of the Bible. 

Please ask me a question — not too great for a common 
intellect — and if I can, I shall have great pleasure in answer- 
ing it. Let it be something practical, and in every-day life 
affairs, or that will apply to such. 

Be yourself, and believe that you are as good a scholar as 
the rest, or, at any rate, as desirous to progress in all useful 
knowledge ; and if I can assist you I shall be delighted. 

Your friend, 

Hannah T. King. 



P. S. — I have to acknowledge the receipt of letters from A. 
W. Reynolds and W. W. Rubey. H. T. K. 



UttUtB Jfrow Wbt pons. 



g> 



Spkikgville, Utah, 

December 23, 1880. 
Mrs. Hannah T. King, 

Dear Sister: — It is with great pleasure that I 
write you these few lines. This is my first attempt to write for 
the Instructor. I have not yet got over my timidity, but I 
feel it my duty to help to keep up the correspondence. 

I always loved the Sabbath school, and have attended when- 
ever I could. I have been brought up in the Church of Jesus 
Christ, and have been taught to love the truth. 

My mother died three years ago, and since that time my father 
has sent me to school ; so you see I have a chance to improve my 
talents, and I have been taught the principles of our religion, 
for which I f.-el thankful. 
I will conclude, hoping your correspondence will continue. 
Your brother in the gospel, 

Arthur W. Reynolds. 



Springville City, 

December 20, 1880. 
Mrs. Hannah T. King. 

Dear Sister :— I trust that by the blessing of the 
Lord I may be able to convey my thoughts sufficient to give you 
a brief sketch of some of my experience, and of such things as I 
have witnessed of late years. 

I read with great interest the "Book of Mormon Sketches" and 
of the ancient dealings of God with the children of men, as 
published in the Instructor. 

During the year 1878 I was engaged in the vicinity of the Col- 
orado river, among the She-bitch mountains, where I found 
many things to amuse myself with. There are many indications 
of ancient inhabitants. There are small pieces of clay work 
scattered over tbo plains, which appear like fragments of water 
vessels, pots, jars, etc. There arc foundations of stone work 
which have decayed and crumbled down nearly level with the 

earth. The- c mostly found in the tops of the mountains and 

hills. Occasionally there can bu seen scratches and different 
shaped marks on the rocks, such as are generally seen in an 
Indian country. 

That part of the country is now inhabited by Mokiac Indians. 
Their food i- mostly Brass seed and yant. They do not farm nor 
employ themselves industriously, but spend their time in idle- 
ness ami skulking through the timber in search of hawks' and 
crows' nests, the small ground squirrel and other small animals 
which are very scarce. 





J" TT-^IE UILB I1TSTRTJOTOB. 




They have small nets which they tie together, and by this 
means they are able to reach the eagles' nests which are very 
numerous along the high rocks that extend for miles along the 
river. These rocks are from one to three miles high, from the 
bed of the river. At one place they are perpendicular, and I 
cannot say how high, but so high that the river appears to be 
as a mere thread. It would almost frighten a person to look over 
the precipice. 

There are many deep gulfs running to the river, very few of 
them carrying water, but dry and desolate, with high cliffs of 
rocks hanging over their sandy bottoms. 

The Indians of that vicinity are a very superstitious class of 
people. They believe in the existence of ghosts and spirits, and 
the small night owl frightens them nearly to death with its 
screeching noise. 

I suppose I have said enough on this subject. I hope what I 
have said will be interesting to the readers. 

My heart rejoices in the things of God, and my continual 
desire is to do His will. 

By permission of the editor I will continue my correspond- 
ence. I will patiently await the return. 

Your brother in the gospel, 

"William Wallace Kubey. 



SUMMARY OF C O R R E S 
PONDENCE. 



Elders James Sanderson and Joseph R. Murdock 
write from Mecosta County, Michigan, December 14, as follows : 
"We are enjoying the spirit of our mission. Although we are 
young, we are able, with the help of the Lord, to defend our 
cause. Are holding meetings almost every night. Have 
enough opposition to make it interesting." 



• Elder William EDjl-me writes from Talkville, Morgan 
County, Alabama, December S : "I am well, tramping through 
the mud and rain, eating corn dodger and bacon, trying to 
convince the inhabitants of Alabama, or a portion of them, 
of the error of their ways, and get them to turn therefrom and 
serve the Lord in an acceptable manner. We are removing 
prejudice, making friends and causing some to take considerable 
interest in our doctrine, which they believe to be true, but 
have not the courage and faith to obey and be baptized. 
Others I think conn and listen to us because they think they 
must hear some kind of preaching, and, as we don't charge for 
our sermons, they come to hear us." 



r Brother Alexander Gbahaji, w>ilesfrcm Leamington, 
Millard County, December 27, that the Saints of that little 
settlement had become worked up to a proper sense of their 
duties. 

Though but few in number, they had taken hold with a 
will and built a nice meeting house 10 by 25 ft., and 10 ft. high, 
of logs, with two windows on each side. The building was 
dedicated on Sunday the I9ih ult., and on Christmas eve a 
very cnioyable party whs held in it. A Sunday school had 
also been organized, which at the time of writing was short 
of books, but measures were being adopted to provide them. 




Brother Jesse W. Crosby, writing from St. George 
December 27th, says : "We had extra ml 1 weather in Novem- 
ber, but for the last two « ks ii lias rained every day. Oh ! 

the mud and the fog! Much hay is wet and will be lost, [t 
is worth $15.00 per ton here, and $20.00 at the Reef. The 
fields begin to look green, trc ■> are starting an 1 spring s • im 
to be upon us." 



Elder M. F. Cowley, writing from Dawson, Terrell 
County, Georgia, December 22od, 1880, says: 

"After leaving home, November 2nd, I proceeded to Chat- 
tanooga, Tennessee, and there remained until the 18th ult., 
when, with a company of Latter-day Saints, and by appointment 
of President Morgan, I started for Southern Colorado. 

"We had a pleasant journey without harm or accident and 
arrived in Manassa on Monday morning, November 22nd. 

"The company was composed of about one hundred and seven- 
teen souls, from Virginia, Georgia, Tennessse and Mississippi. 

"About sixty-one of the number were children under twelve 
years of age. "By their fruits ye shall know them." 

"I reminded the Saints that it would hardly be necessary for 
people to ask who we were, for they might know that by the 
number of children. 

"At Kansas Cit3 7 we were met by newspaper reporters, but, the 
train being two or three hours behind regular time, we had'nt 
much time to talk or be talked to. 

"On arriving at Manassa we werekindy received and provided 
for by the faints of that place and surrounding neighborhoods. 

"While in Manassa I attended the meetings and Sunday school 
of the Saints at that place. We were also favored with a' visit 
from Presidents Erastus Snow and Silas S. Smith, and we rejoiced 
in their kind instructions. 

"After spending a pleasant time with the Saints in Colorado, for 
about two weeks, I left for the Southern States. 

"In St. Louis I met Elder John W. Taylor, who was awaiting 
my arrival. We, having been appointed to travel together, 
proceeded to South-western Georgia, the field of labor suggested 
to us by President John Morgan. 

"We arrived in Terrell County, Tuesday the 14th inst., were 
kindly received, and thus far have been treated with genuine 
hospitality. 

"The ground here for missionary labor is new, and what may 
be accomplished can be better told in the future. We can at 
least perform our duties and leave the result in the hands of our 
Heavenly Father. 

"The meetings we have held have been moderately well 
attended, considering the short notice the people received. They 
were held in a private house, by the kindness of the owner, Mr. 
John Kitchens. 

"This is really a flat woods country, where cypress swamps 
exist and the alligator basks on a log in the sunshine. Cotton is 
the staple production, and the hum of the cotton gin is hpard 
separating the seeds from the cotton. Sugar rune is also raised 
abundantly, and of fine quality, and the syrup made therefrom is 
excellent. 

"There is quite a difference between the sugar cane and our 
ordinary molasses cane, the former growing much larger and 
with shorter lengths between tin- joints than the latter. 

"The weather here has been quit'.' warm fur this season of the 
year, the thermometer showing last, week about 70° above zero; 
but at present the air is some < ler, 

"The health of Brother Taylor and myself i- moderately good, 
and we desire to be faithful in spreading the principles of the 
gospel among this people." 



Lars A. Johnson, Santaquio, December 17th, writes: 
"We had a meeting, December 9th, of tin- officers of the 
Sabbath school of ibis branch, when the superintendent, bis 
counselor.?, and the officers and teachers of the Sabbath school 

of Santaquid were set apart for their several callings. 

"OurBi hop, George Halliday, Superintendenl I. M. Coombs 
and Bishop J. Tanner id Payson, were present. Valuable 

instructions were given upon the importance of punctually 

attending to our duties as teachers ami officers of the Sabbath 
school, as well as id' being sel apart for that purpose as much 
as for any other mission, etc." 



Help 



■If, and heaven will help you. 





io 



CTTT^riE] UNTIL IE HTSTBTJGTOB. 




fe> 



PLAYING GRANDPA. 

HOW vividly the picture here presented illustrates the 
general tendency of children to imitate what they see 
older persons do. 

It has been said that "man is an imitative animal," and 
very many of us, more perhaps than would be willing to 
acknowledge it, are influenced greatly in our actions by the 
example of oth- 
ers. We do many 
things for no bet- 
ter reason than 
because we have 
seen others do 
them. 

If our inclina- 
tion to immitate 
always led us to 
pattern after the 
good we see in 
others, nothing 
could reasonably 
be said against 
it; but, alas! 
how frequently it 
happens that the 
virtues of others 
have less weight 
and influence with 
us than their 
vices! 

How often are 
those whom we 
choose as our 
models anything 
but proper ex- 
amples! 

Our little boy 
in the picture has 
frequently seen 
his grandpa seat 
himself in his 
easy chair, place 
his feet upon the 
footstool, cover 
his bald head 
with a >ilk hand- 
kerchief, adjust 
his spectacles. 
take out his snuff- 
box, tap three 
times with his 
thumb oail upon 
the lid, open it. 
take out a huge 
pinch and snuff 
it up into each 
nostril, then lean back with an 
the newspaper. 

He has witnessed this operation, in which his grandpa 
evidently takes such solid comfort, so often, that he fancies 
there must be something very enjoyable about it. Besides, 
grandpa is a big Strong man, and very popular; indeed, he is 
a model man in the little boy's estimation, and he decides to 




air ot complacence and read 



imitate him. He aspires to be a big and strong and popular 
man himself, and anything that in his imagination will make 
him look manly, he is ready to adopt. 

His ideas on the subject of manly graces are founded upon 
the traits and practices which he sees manifested by those 
wen whom he admires. Grandpa happens to be a favorite 
with him, and grandpa takes snuff; therefore, according to 
his method of childish reasoning, snuff-taking must be a 

manly grace. And 
forthwith he re- 
solves to acquire 
this grace, or at 
least, make an 
attempt at it. 

So he watches 
for a chance, and 
at last finds it. 
His grandpa hap- 
pens to leave his 
spectacles and 
snuff-box lying 
carelessly upon 
the table one day 
when he leaves 
the room, and the 
little boy finds 
them and pro- 
ceeds to improve 
his opportun- 
ity- 
He dons his 
grandpa's huge 
slippers, takes a 
seat in his easy 
chair, throws a 
handkerchief over 
his curly hair, 
rests the spec- 
tacles on his nose, 
hoists his feet 
upon the foot- 
stool, places the 
newspaper ready 
upon his knee, 
takes up the snuff- 
box, taps on the 
lid, opens it, 
swells up with 
pride and smiles 
to think how he 
is going to enjoy 
it, and then takes 
a pinch of snuff, 
just as he has 
seen his grandpa 
do. But now for 
the sequel: 

Oil, that snuff! That nasty snuff! 
How <an one relish such horrible stuff? 
Scarce haa it entered bis delicate nose, 
When his face is subjected to violent throes. 
Jerk ! goes his head us be gives a big sneeze, 
Bringing his nose almost down to bis knees, 
Breaking the spectacles, spilling the .-null' 
And tilling bis eyes with the terrible stuff. 





crTT^riEisriLiE] iustrtjctoe, 




You may depend upon it, he will not soon forget this little 
experience, which has resulted so differently to what he antici- 
pated. So far from finding any enjoyment in it, it has brought 
him nothing but trouble : tears and pain from the snuft" in 
his eyes, fear about grandpa's displeasure at finding his spec- 
tacles broken, and finally, to cap the climax, a whipping from 
his mother. 

But if this little episode will have the effect of preventing 
him from contracting sueh a foolish and filthy habit as taking 
snuff, or using tobacco in any other form, we will not regret 
that it has happened. 

The little boy is to be pitied rather than severely condemned 
for having fallen into this error. He is very young. How 
many boys older than he is have been misled in the same 
manner ! How many grown persons can recall to mind instances 
in their early boyhood days of admiring persons for their wit 
or smartness who chewed tobacco and squirted the juice in a 
very clever manner ! And how many of them learned to 
associate in their minds the practice of chewing tobacco, with 
wit or smartness, until they resolved to be smart or witty also, 
by each filling his mouth with apple leaves until his cheek 
protruded, and then chewing and spitting after the pattern of 
his model ! 

It is merely a mistake in regard to what constitutes manly 
graces. It is merely choosing the wrong kind of a model to 
imitate. 

We have no objection, boys, to your imitating the style or 
practice of another, providing you choose the right kind of a 
model. Don't take the low, vulgar or immoral man for your 
model. And if you pattern after the practices of great men, 
be sure that the practices you imitate are the ones that have 
made them great. Even great men sometimes have habits 
that it would not be wise to imitate. They are flaws in their 
characters. They would be greater men without them. Using 
tobacco is one of these flaws. It is the bane of the life of many 
a man who is otherwise good and great. It is his besetting 
weakness, which he would give a great deal to be rid of, 
though he seems to tike such a delight in it. 

Who ever heard of using tobacco making a person great or 
wise, or witty, or handsome, or smart, or healthy, or rich, or 
happy? It never did such a thing. No person ever imagined 
that it did, except very small boys or very foolish persons. 

On the contrary it makes men and boys who might be hand- 
some and attractive, repulsive and disgusting. It makes 
persons who might be comfortable and happy, poor and 
miserable. It creates a false appetite, a craving for stimulants, 
that food, however good, cannot appease, that tobacco itself 
cannot always satisfy, and that is one reason why tobacco-users 
so frequently become drunkards. 

Naturally, tobacco is offensive to taste or smell. Naturally, 
our systems do not require it. Naturally, we have no craving 
for it. Naturally, wc can find more enjoyment and happiness 
without it than with it. 

Then, why do violence to our natures! Why create a false, 
depraved and expensive taste by forcing ourselves to use it ! 

Boys never do it. Shun tobacco as you would a deadly 
poison. It is a poison, but more slow in its effects than some 
others. The Lord never intended human beings to put it in 
their mouths or snuff it into their noses. He has said so. 
And no person can please Him and use it. 




Lord Bacon says that prosperity doth best discover vice, 
bat adversity doth Lest discover virtue. 



DIALOGUE ON THE FIRST 
PRINCIPLES OF THE GOSPEL. 



I5V M. ELIZAHKTH LITTLE. 



Cladia. —Good afternoon, girls ; I see we have not for- 
gotten our appointment. As we belong to the Sunday school, 
we decided that we would meet, once now and then, for 
mutual benefit, and all come prepared to ask and answer 
questions. The subject for to-day is, "The First Principles of 
the Gospel." 

Hester. — I hope we have all studied the subject well. I 

would ask Annie, what are the first principles of the gospel? 

Annie. — Faith, repentance, baptism for the remission of 

sins, and the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy 

Ghost. 

Retta. — That is coreect. Will Hester please tell us what 
faith is? 

Hester.— St, Paul says {Hebrews xi. 1), "Now faith is the 
substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not 
seen." 

Rose. — Yes, and the Prophet Joseph Smith says (Ddc. and 
Cor. lee. i. 9), "Faith is the assurance which men have of the 
existence of things which they have not seen, and the princi- 
ple of action in all intelligent beings." 

Cladia. — I would like to give my idea of faith. My moth- 
er is a truthful woman. She says, "Daughter, if you will be 
a good girl for three months, I will give you a new dress." 
From that moment I do all in my power to please her, never 
doubting her word; feeling assured that if I do my part I shall 
get the new dress. By so doing, I show my faith in my moth- 
er's word. 

Dellie. — The next principle is repentance, which is sorrow 
for our sins and a desire to forsake them. 

Hester. — Not sorrow because our sins are known, but 
because we have grieved our Heavenly Father, displeased our 
paretts and all good people who know us. 

Rose. — After repentance, comes baptism. Annie, will you 
tell us what is baptism? 

Annie. — Baptism is the act of being immersed in water, in 
the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, by one 
who has received authority from Jesus Christ to perform the 
ordinance. 

Retta. — What is the office of one having authority? 

Dellie. — That of an Elder of the Church of Jesus Christ 
of Latter day Saints. 

Hester. — What is baptism typical of? 

Retta. — Of the burial and resurrection of our Savior. 

CLADIA. — Those wishing to be saved in the kingdom of 
God must believe in His revealed will. 

Rose. — Then be sorry for their sins and forsake tiiem. 

Hester. — And be baptized for the remission of their sins, 
by an Elder of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints. 

Annie. — Yes, and then have hands laid on their heads that 
they may receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. 

Dellie — By so doing, they become members of the king- 
dom of God. 

Retta. — Now, girls, it is lime for us to go home. 

Hester. — And do not foget our next appointment. I 
think we have enjoyed ourselves this afternoon. In these 
meetings we learn much good that will 1 e a beuefit to us in 
after yearp. 

All. GrOO 1 al'tcrinon. 




■^ 12 



CrXJ"VEZsTILE USTSTRTJCTOB. 




WAITING AND WATCHING-, 



Words by Geo. Manwaking. 

Moderate. 



Music by A. C. S. 



I' 



-e> — «* — J — J — — c-i — =S 



-£2= 



r?2i 



=t 



:^= 



=£ 



-^ — tf- 



J 



4- 



^=5; 



J 



We are waiting for the dawn - ing Of a bright- er 



day, When the right o'er wrong will 



z 



1 ^ — 



;«*-*-■ 



-!»^!- 



1 — Las- 






r^r- 



Ife 



~-^T|g 



S> 



-y- 



:£== 



1 I I I I 



1 



«p— i-p- 



=5= 



1 



i-q-i--=i- 



— ^- 




con - querAnd the trutli bear sway, And the truth 



bcai 



sway; 



For the glad millennial 




£=^ 



zr 






-•^; 



H 



4-n 



:=i:p:q^ 



?2I 



tuorn - ing Now is 



nigh 



=a 









at hand, When o'er all the earth the S avio r King will take command 



-iilXfJP C7CS 



■"K1' 



I 



;-;** 



ili^ 









»*-^— »»- 



\-0 *» 1 

r~ 1 r r " 


— ~- m ~- 


Z ^^ r ' m ~i 


-ta 


£!_|_ r . 


1 


M 1 


-m- — I- 



fMB'.e. 



UTO 



TES05. 



BASS. 



PI;. SO. 



They are waiting, waiting Above us we know; While we're waiting, watching, Waiting and watching below. 




li^iii^i^sgiS 



^- 



1 






B> -&'-' l Z?-& 



O 



— ^*i-H 1- 



P Jut. PP 



-s<- 



n 



Theyare waiting, waiting Above us we know; While we're waiting, watching, Waiting and watching be - low. 
S -Si r— I 1 f<n — & , r ^P o ^r? n 



-4-4- 






Hi 









w/ 









y.vv. pp 



J— |- 



^:£=5 



P - 



^ 



U- 



;-■ 



— h= — 1- « 



S 




We are looking f> >r the con 

( if our rU 
By ibe prup ircsliadowed 

In Gucl - i' ly word; 
■\\ i .■■ ■ iwer 

Jf-u- 

. ill uslicr in Ibe peaceful 

Kcign ol' righlcousucas. 



We are workinR all united 

In our 'lays of youth, 
We have given our hearts to Zion 

And tin? cause of truth ; 
Mnv our footsteps never waver, 

h'rom the path of right, 
Till with Christ, our grunt Commaudor, 

Wc tnivo won the light. 




