'•y- 









,,.j -.-^^ i^i;, 



^>^5 



VOL 10. 



s.y;r lakk city, octobek so is75 



ISO. 22. 




HERE is a 
picture of 
a luan iiiakii -i 
baskets. He 
is blind, j'et he 
makes the bas- 
kets as neat 
aud as well- 
fashioned as )]• 
he could see 
what he is do- 
ing. It is re" 
markable the 
effect th-it the 
loss of a facul- 
ty has ujion 
the reuiaiiiiug 
senses. If a 
man lose his 
sight, or espe_ 
cially if he be 
born blind, his 
senses of touch 
and hearing 
become very 
acute. Such a 
person can al- 
most tell the 
step of an ac. 
quaintance a-^ 
far as he can 
hear it, and 
the .sense of 
touch becomes 
so developed 
that it almost 
combines the 
powersthatac- 
com pan} sight. 
Probably many 
of the children 
remember old 
brother Lson- 
ard of this city, 
known as Blind 
Leonard. He 
could go all 




over the city 
without any- 
body to guide 
hiui, and we 
have heard it 
said that he 
could distin- 
gui.'-h dift'er- 
ently colored 
calico by the 
touch. Prob- 
ably this is an 
e ,x a g g e r a- 
t i o n, but hei 
wii bout doubt, 
Avas endowed 
with remarka- 
ble acuteness, 
his other facul- 
ties being shar- 
pened to sup- 
ply the place 
of his loss of 
vision. There 
arj .schools and 
institutions for 
the blind in 
many pltCJSj 
■nhcre they are 
(aught to read. 
The books are 
printed with 
raised letters 
that they 
ti feel their 
■m with till ii- 
I gcrs, and by 
that means un- 
derstand what 
they are read- 
ing. At the 
institutions for 
the blind they 
are taught to 
make a great 
many articles, 
and they I 





S5i 



cr TJ "^ El nsr I Xj E uststi^tjotoi^, 



come veiy export in the manufacture of mats, 1 rashes and 
baskets. 

S;>eaking about basket-raakiiii;-, this uiiirht be maile a great 
imlustry in this Territory if it were carried on systemaiically. 
We can produce the finest of willows here, and we have skilled 
basket makers who could teach boys and girls this art, and be 
able not only to supply this Territory but to export to the sur- 
rounding Territories and States. It is by follovviug such busi- 
ness as this, and acipiiring skill therein, that Ave can compete 
flilh other producers, that our Territory will become iudeiieiid" 
ent and we become a self--ustaining people. 

There are .some few blind pLtople among u<, but not luaiiy. 
The children of this Territory are generally blesse.l with gudd, 
keen eye.-iglil,- and it is a gift for which they should feel very 
thankful. 



li 111 erica. 



BY G. M. O. 



TIIK MOUND BUILDERS. 




( Continued. ) 

fPllE mo-it complete account of the matjners, appearance an 1 
i history of of the Indians of Virginia, particularly tlio.se 
inhabiting the sea coast, has been given by Caiitain John 
Smith, but unfortunately this bold pioneer relates only li's oivn 
strange adventures, and the appearance of the country and its 
adaptability to colonization at that time. His intercourse with 
the natives was friendly; and he reported that "a more kind, 
loving people could not be." From other historians we gleau 
but little relating to their manners and customs. The Inilians 
of Virginia had their temples, which were simply huts or 
cabins of a larger size than their ordinary habitations, and 
there was nothing singu'ar about their construction They were 
.sometimes decorated with rude carvings and paintings, which 
]>i)ssibly had some .signification understood by them (3IcCul- 
loh's Researches, p. Ill 1. The Virginians believed there were 
tutelary deities to every town, besides the Great Spirit and 
other gods which are confounded with him. 

<.)ur knowledge of the tribes inhabiting New England iPi-e- 
vious to the landing of the Pilgriurs is as meagre and indefinite 
as the history of tiio Virginians. The Xaragansetts, under 
their venerable sachem, Canonicus, we:e perhaps the most 
p jwerful, an I in many respects .superior to the other tri'jes in 
that section of America. They had a temiile, in which was 
kindled a fire, and tiic people at stated times cast into it, 
through the hands of their priests, whatever articles they 
e teemed valuable (Purchas' Pilg. iv). This temple was s; id 
to have been spacious. A few years previous to the arrival 
of the Kuropeans the country had been greatly depopulati d 
by a disease which had previously been unknown to ihein. 
From their traditions it appears tlu^y had eniigiated frum the 
west not many years previous. 

The most important Indian nation of the I'nited States was 
the renowned confederacy known as the Iro(iuois, or "sis 
nations." They were originally divided in'o five tribes: Mo- 
hawks, Oneidas, Cayugas, Onondagas and Senccas. The Tu.s- 
caroras from the south were afterw:iiils luiited with them. 
Various New England tribes were sulijugated by them, and 
the great Powhatan of Virginia sto..d in awe of this powerful 
league. No Ame.-lcau tribe ever produced such an array of 



renowned warriors and orators. The address of Garaiigula, 
the speeches of Logan, Red-Jackjt and others Jiave been long 
considered master-pieces of declamation. The great centre of 
this confederacy occupied the country between the Oneida and 
Cayuga lakes in the State of New York. The Delawarcs and 
Shawnees, to the south, occupying the greater jiortinn of 
Pcnnsyhaiiia, and situated between ihe great northern and 
southern tribes, were in turn at ■ nmi y and engaged in wars 
with either party almost continually. The 'Li'iini Lenapi," 
or Delawaivs, according to tradition, re.-idcd many hundred 
years ago in a very distant part ot the American contii.cnt. 
For some reason not stated they emigrated ea-^tward in a body. 
After a very long journey and ficciuent halts, (even years at a 
time) they finally reached the Mississippi River, .where they 
fell in with the Miuii'oes (Iroquois) who had likewise emigrated 
fViim a r'i^tant country and had struck the river somewhat 
higher up. Their object was the same as that of the Dela 
wares. Their si>ies discovered the country eastward of the 
river to be inhabited by a very powerful nation, who had many 
1 ii-ge towns with iiitrenchment.s and strong fortifications. They 
are .said to hive been remarkably tall and stout, and there is a 
tradition that there wore giants among them. They were called 
Talligewi, ur Alligewi. Many wonderful things are told of this 
people. The Delawares sent a messenger to the Alligewi to 
request permi.ssion to settle themselves in their neighborhood. 
Ti.is was refused, but they obtained leave to pass through the 
cMUulry and seek a settlement farther to the east. Accordingly 
they began to cross the river, when the Alligewi, seeing their 
areat numbers, in fact there were many thousands of them, 
made a furoius attack on those who had cros.sed, and threatened 
destruction to them all if they persisted in ciossing the river. 
The Delawares in revenge for the great loss of men, prepared 
for a conflict, and made a league with the Iroquois, and they 
both attacked the Alligewi, when great and bloody battles 
ensued, in which many were killed on both sides, no (piarter 
being given. The Alligewi, driven from their towns and for- 
tifications, determined to abandon the country to escape inev- 
itable destruction. Leaving the conquerors in possession of the 
country they fled down the Mississippi and never returned. 
This war Ia^ted manv year.s. The tradition of the Iroriuois is 
precisely similar in respect to this war. The ('reeks, Cliero- 
kees, Choctaws, (.'atawba>--, Chickasaws, etc., inhabiting the 
Southern States, were wa-like and at enmity with the sur- 
rounding nations. Like all the other nations of America ti.ey 
were driven to perfect desperation by the ravages of the small- 
pox, which made such havo-j previous to the discovery. Their 
traditions and religion were similar to those of the Natchez. 
J.imcs Adair, a trader and )-osident among them for over forty 
years, publidied in 1775 the most complete account of these 
tribes to be found in the early writers. The principal portion 
of his work is devoted to a disquisition on the origin of the 
Indians and arguments to prove their descent from the Jews. 
The various tribes we.st of the Mississippi vary but slightly 
in their shades of distinction from the other nations and tribes 
of America. Mr. Catlin has given tis a most interesting 
account of these Indians, but has thrown no licht on their ori- 
gin. The Mandans are described by Mr. C. as being peculiar 
from the other trioes, having for the most part very fine and 
s( ft hair, and many being (juite fair in complexion with 
blue ej'es. Their religious l>olief was in the main not unlike 
that of most of the North American tribes. One peculiarity, 
however was the grand three days' ceremony of thanksgiviDg 
fi r the escape of their ancestors from the flood, i.if which they 
had a distant tradition strikingly conformable to scriptural his- 
t.iry. Although there is ainii) t an endless variety in the tradi- 



^ 



~v*jia^* 




cr TJ ^r E IT i: L E in^sTi?."LjGa?oie/ 



S5o 




j^ 




tions relate concerning their origin, there is one pecuHar inci- 
dent universal with the Indians of North and South America 
— they all srieak of a deluge of water that once overflowed the 
land, destro3-ing all mankind but a few individuals, whom each 
tribe claims as it own particular ])iogcnitois. 

The ancient history of the aborigines or of their migrations 
is as confused as what they relate of their origin; and it is im- 
possible to go back beyond a few years anterior to the arrival 
of the Europeans. Mr. Bradford in his researches into the 
origin of the red race, adopts the following conclusions in 
regard to the ancient occupants of North Amevica: 

1. That they were all of the same origin, branches of the 
same race, and possessed of similar customs ;-nd institutions. 

2. That they were populous and occuiiied a great extent of 
territory. 

o. That they had arrived at a considerable degiee of civili- 
zation, were associated in large communities, and lived in exten- 
sive cities. 

4. That they possessed the use of many of the metals, such 
as lead, copper, gold, and .-ilver, and probably the ait of work- 
ing in them. 

.J. That they .■sculptured in stone and sometimes u.sed that 
material in the con-truetion of their edifices. 

fi. That they had the knowledge of the arch ol recedi:ig 
steps; of the art of pottery, producing urns and utensils fcunied 
witii taste, and constructed upon the jirinciples of ch<.m'cal 
compo ition; and the art of brick-making. 

7. That they worked the salt spring-, and manufactared 
.salt. 

s. That they were an agricultural people, living under the 
influence and protection ot regular forms of governnient.«. 

'.1. That they ])os.-essed a decided system of religior, and a 
mythology connected with astronomy, which, with its sister 
science, geometry, was in the haml.s of the priesthood. 

10. That they were skilled in I he art of fortlticatiiin. 

1 1. That the epoch of their original settlement in tlie United 
States is of great anticpiity; and 

Lastly, that the o ily indications of their origin to be gath- 
ered from the locality of their ruined monuments, jjoint toward 
Jlexico. 

Mr. Lewis II. Jlorgan finds evidence thai the American 
abori.gines had a comnnin ori.^dn in what he calls "their sy.-tem 
of consanguinity and affinity." He .say.s, "The Indian nations 
from the- Atlantic to the llocky Mountains and fV(im the .\rctlc 
sea to the Gidf of iMexico, with the exception of the E-qni- 
maux, have the same sj-stem. It is elaborate and complicated 
in its geneial form and details; and whi-le deviations from uni- 
formity occur in the .systems of difierent stocks, the ladica] 
features are in the main con.stant. This identity in the essen- 
tial chai'acteristics of a system so remarkable tends to show 
that it must have been transmitted with the blood to each 
stock from a common original source. It affords the strongest 
evidence yet obtained of unity in origin of the Indian nations 
within the region defined" (Baldwin's Ancient .\mcrica, page 
OilJ. 

That the mound builders and the Toltecs were tlio same 
people there .seems to be but little doubt: in fact from the sim- 
ilarity in their buildings and the traditions of one atid the [lij- 
ture writings of the other it is very evident 

Mr. James C. Southali, an able Knglish autlior, .shows in 
three instances that the mammoth, or mastodon, has been 
dclinealed by races who have lived at no very remote date: 1st, 
on the monuments of Central America; 2nil, by the mound 
builders, whom he shows to have lived not more than fifteen 

nidred years ago (IJecent Origin t)f Man). This, by the way. 



coincides with the Book of Mormon, as it was about the third 
or fourth century, according to Mormon's account that the 
country was convulseti with war and the peaceful governments 
and inhabitants destroye<l, the remnants drifting into that bar- 
barism which still clines to them. 






SIMI^XjXj 



SiME years a^o a numbo- of the leraaied men of France pre- 
^e.lted a petition to the French Corpn Legislaiif^ calling 
attention to the gi'oat iccrease of destructive insects in that 
couutr ■. Tiie cause of this terrible increase was the destruction 
of the birds themselves and their eggs. It was stated in this 
pet'rion that the number of bin's' eggs annually destroyed was 
b *woen i i h'-y and a hundred nnllion. Besides this, (he b'ris 
which in other countries are allowed to fly about unharmed, 
a-e killed in France f.>r their morsels of flesh. "This course 
purs led for years,'' says the pel ition, "Jias so decreased the 
n imber of birds that the I'armiiig interests of the country are 
seriously endangered. Not only have the various kinds of 
g-ain su'Tered from the ravages of the insets which the birds 
kiil, but the vines, the o'ive trees, and even forest trees tell the 
simetale of mischief " Inleed, a.gainst .such enemies man 
i.s powerless. His eye is not sharp enough to see manj' of 
them, his hands are too slow to catch them. Even if he does 
succeed in killing a few millions, they apparently couie in still 
greater numbeis. Were it not for his faithful allies, the 
birds, man wotdd have to give ui;i to these destroying in.seots. 

Out of ail the graniverous birds (grain eaters) there is but 
one which eats grain alone. All the others eat grain and 
insects alternately, according to the season. Of the.-e the 
sparrow probalily has the worst ch.iraetcr. It is said that the 
sparrow by j)crsecutiiin was driven from nuM.sary, but was 
afterwards imported, the peojile finding that this bird alone 
could succes fully c(UUend agair:st the many destructive in.seets 
of the lowlands of that country. Frederick the Great also 
declared war against the sparmws because they ate some of 
his favi.n-ite fruit, theclierry. Thesparrowsleit hisdominions, 
but at the end id' two years, he was very glad to get themliflck, 
even at the cost of a few cherries. Crows have been do'i'med, 
but they have been re-established, as it was soon found that 
their ravages cuiild not be compared with thost: liu.'V prevented. 
Night birds of prey, as bats, owls and others perform excellent 
service in their war i:|)ijn rats, mice, moles, etc. Accoi'ding lo 
observation a pair of barn-cjwis destroy daily at least l.'iO mice. 
A s'.ngle hedge-sparrow will kill on an average fi')0 iu^e ;ts per 
day-weevils, cockroaches and many others. The weevil 
l)roduces from seventy to ninety eggs,, which, luid in so many 
grains of wheat, become larv.-v and eat them all \\\\ Tints 
one siijgle weevil destroys a wliole ear of wheat. The cock- 
roach deposits from .seventy to one hundred e.ngs at tijiie, whiidi 
are soon transformed into while wiu-ms, and these for two or 
three years live npim the roots of the most valuable vegetables. 

For the reason of ridding ourselves ot tiie.se in -ect pests, if 
for no other, we should be careful not to destroy the eggs, 
young or fild birds, tin- to these, as you see, we must look for 
protection. 



Nkver attempt to do anything that is not right. Just so 
surely as you do, you will get into trouble. Sin always brings 
.sorrow .sooner or later. If you even suspect that anything is 
wicked, do it not until you are .sure that your susiiicions arc 
groundless. 





256 



J--Cr"^Ei:LTirjE X.irSTIS.CrCT'OT?. 




K/Elyri.TSriS O EiTO £]S. 



Kr ELDF.R .TOH\ TAVLOK. 




IN re.-;poiise to the voiniest nf the Kditcr of the ■Tr\'KMr.li 
Inskuctor for me to write :■. few sk<'tehc« form my ex- 
perience, [ will !.'ive ;ni neenuiit of my Jouniey f)-om Far We^t 
and Nauvoo to New York when ivoinif on my Knglisli iMis-i(ni, 
hoiiin.2 th;it tlie rp;iiler>: of tli ; iNsTnrcTOR may leiirn ;i le-^son 
of I'ail-h fri m a few th<' proxi lenees of (rnil manifested on that 
mission: — 

After the e,\i;ul>ion oitlie Saints from Misxmri, the Twelve 
started back again to Fir We-t to fulfiil a revelation given 
some time before, eommiinding them to lav the eorner founda- 
tion stone for a 'J'eniple in Far We t, Mo., and there to bid 
adieu to their brethren, and 1 r" > '■" < Hl-^ion to Kni:'and. 
At that time if thi; iidial>itanf ! knuu-n who wc 

were tliey wo\ild h ' ' ' ' 
snake?!, for they h- 

that thu-e wa-' ■ i' "oiii .h. 

never be fnifi.' ■ ' ' b.:!. '- 

without being ! 

a brilliant, ino !, I 

laid it. auJ tli it' 

and (ieori'C A . and 

two i)rethren i: '1 "'d 

ii|) prayer, ami ;;' 

adieti to '" ' ''d 

upon our ill 

31oio . ..■ .-:;u:i. 

lii ,.-(' of the privati'jns the SailKs liad eriiinvid, a 

great sickness m-; in anions' ihem, ani.i even in Nauvoo many 
were in a wretched eonditio;!. living in (mor tents: and niany, 
aim i.-t shelterless, drooped, >iekei)ed ami li.ed. Jo.-eph iSiuilli, 
who liad obtained a eonrfo'-labie bon-i' in (.'oniiiienio, or Nau- 
voo, left it, with his I'aniily. and moved into tents, lt:aviiig his 
lion-e fiir the siek to oceiipy. 1, as a ,i; re.it boon, with scmie 
others, had the privjli.'ue of oceniiyui.L' a room m a ini.-i-rr.ble, 
old log barrai-k. IKie 1 paKO'l iiom n:y Janiily to eoti- 
tiinie on my mis-ion to i'jo.uianil .Mo-t of [he TiV,;lve wi-re 
siidc, ali'I, owing to onr lepi ated i.,\i osnies and !aiior.> in Mi.-- 
souri, a more dila|iidated set of Jiien eoti.d Bearee be i'mind. 

I left Montro.ie, Lia; County, loiva. Aa.^u l :sih, lf<2'.i, haviii:; 
lireviou.-ly dedieaied oiy wii'e and faniiiy to the e.ire of ibe 
liiid and Ijle.-sed then! in His ninie. '1 !ie ihouglu.- o: tlie 
liardshipsthey hadjii^t endured, tiie lineerlainty of their i-on- 
linuin.g even in tiie hou>e tli^'V wiae in, liie provaleiiee ol' d .^^ 
ea.se — more than one half of tii .'■alol,.> beiug afilleted \<i.li 
bilious fever, tiuiie not bein. a suiiii-ient nninlici- well to wait 
upon the fiek — the jioveity of the brethren, their inseetiricy 
from mobs, togethir with the uncrerlaiiuy of what might haj - 
lien during my ab.-enee, jirodiieed feeniigs of no ordinary kind, 
not to mention tho^; ot paternal and eonju.sjal uih' tion, . n- 
haneed by a knowledire of the time and distance tluK was .uiunt 
to separate us; but. the thought of going forth at the command 
of the (rod of Israel to reM;-it my nattve land, unfold thejriir 
ciples of eternal truth, an 1 make knuwa the things that God 
had developed fn- the f.al', ation of the wcnld. overcame every 
other eon-:ideration. 

KIder ^Vilford NVoodrulF and myself were the tir.-t members 
of the Quorum of the Twelve Ajiostles who left on this nnssb n. 
"We started in eomiiariy without purse or .'crip ou this 
journey. (.)n leaving Nauvoo we saw Heber C. Kimball an,l 
P. P. Pratt putting up a log hmise Ileber threw a pur.-e ti 
savini.'. "You.^hall not go without a )iur<e any longer;' 



and P. P Pratt threw half a dollar to put into it. We after- 
wards meta brother, Zebedee I'.iltrin, wlio propo.-ed :akingusiii 
his wagon to the easr, who.se ofl'er ne gl.adly accepted. Some 
distance from Nauvoo we met wi:li a Brother .Miller. wliomT had 
baptized sonje time previou.-ly, who oft'ereil me a horse if I wouhl 
accept it. 1 toll! bini that I would consider ttntil the ne.Kt 
HI irnin,i;\ nnd lieing advised to accept it, did so. Another 
brother by the name of \'.ance .gave njfe a saildle and bridle. 
I then ro:.;e my lior.<e to .Spritigville, Illinois, wdiere I got a 
brother to .-.el it, and with the proceeds 1 pubii.-^hed a .^^hort 
ib-t.ail of our M!s~inin jier-'^ecution', in i)amphlet Ibrm. AVe 
]ia~<eil on to Terro. Haute wlicre we >ta-.ed a f\'W days with a 
Doctiu' Ml di>et, a mendjcr of our chur. h. Tjiis is on the 
natiotial road to [ndianapolis, before reaching which jilace I 
w'.as taken .~ick and lainted two or three times. 'I"he la>t time 
i.lay on the r.iad some time before they couid bring me to. 
lb-other Woodniif h.ad me convi V' d 'o 'lie house of Brother 
n :racc Ei(lrid'.;e. who resiih'd a ! ,i-tof liuii;.'.ua]iolis, 

vb ■:!■ 1 w :- ireatcd with great !. :d care. Alter re- 

Wi' pur>u!.(! our iourncy and held a nieeiiivg iu 
I i I .• II ■;_ "We pfoc-teded on our way t(j (lernnuitown, -it 
w!i . h place T v.'a-i again olilisjiMl to .stay, a^ a heavy fever had 
St -lit of nry e.\p' .^fissouri. We 

ill ig in this jila.c : havine- trav- 

eled forty miles. 1 had theie a mo>r .-evere ht of sickness, 
^^■lli■■h re.ineed me aimo.-t to a .--kelefou. I advised Brother 
Woodruff to leave r.ie and pursue his journey. I was very 
k;iidiy niir-ed and cared ti>r by the gcnrleman and lady of the 
h itel where 1 ,-toi'|.ed. The name of the gcntie-nian Was Jacob 
Wal ■/.. A- I began to recover I connnenced lo preach in a 
e III--. I," ■ ,. iii'ar by, and. abb.aigli I was c- . :■' ii- of ta'kin.ir 
i b ; .ait of the time during my ' a- I was 

liiKiii.e II -.oil. Great crowds, however. Ii 'ckeu m near. As 
t grew ii little .stronger I preariied in a .-^eiuinary e'o-;e by, to 
larire and atleiiiive coiigregation.s. 

( 7'o he, Cotihiiueil .) 

BA.XjLOOJSrilN!"(3-. 



1 J.'. .". V ar>: the duu.uei-s to whiidi aeronauts are exposed, liut 
i'! '\ I ing the thou>ands ol a.-^cetits, the frail materials 

o! air ship is c n)^:nlc^ed. and the fickleness of the 

wind, to the full powi'i- of wiiich the aerial voyagers arc expn.s- 
e I, I ho i'.ital ac ■'; leiits Irive nut iiem nearly so uumeiotis as 
nrgiit lia\e been exiiei.-lcd. In iiiet, out of the tl'.ouiUids who 
ha e mad • a consions no; more than twenty live or thirty have 
leai killed, wbich is a low death rate. The falls which really 
o c ir are ofieii from a great higlit, and their terrible conse- 
i|-i 'ne.-.~ ar >. suiljient to render them memorable. A year or ; o 
a o a Tennes<ee aeronaut fell from a liight of a mile and a ha'f, 
iiirl. >tiiking the ground feet ibremo.■^t, was crushed into a 
sha e'css ma-s by the de.scendin.g impetus he had acquired. 
Although the ground was hard, his feet made an impression 
m lie than eiiiht in-bes deep, and the bones of the thighs were 
driven uii to \\\> .dioulders. 

The lirst ballnon was sent up by the brothers Stephen and 
Jo-eph Montgoltier, June .5, IT.s.'i. It was not long before men 
were fonnd to venture their lives on such a journey into the 
aii; even in the year of it.> diseoveiy there were several ascents 
made by different pcr.-ons, and with safe results. The balloons 
used were at liist the ordinary hot air Montgolfiers, but only a few 
months were necessary to utilize the hydrogen gas, whose 
superiority was evident, on account of its greater lig-litness. 
Ill ITS.'i occuned the lirst fatal accident fiom the use of a b 





J'TJ'VEJSriIL.El IJ^STI^U OTOI?. 



257 





loon. Two young men attempted to cro.ss from France to Eng- 
land in a hyd eg m balloon to which a hot air balloon was at- 
tached. The hitter took fire, botii were i.-ousuined, and the 
two men fell on the coast of BVanee and perished. 

The most eminent aeronaut was an Kiiglisman named Gr^ en. 
His career extended over thirty-.sis years, during which time 
he mad : l,4(iii ascensions, crossing the North Sea three time^-, 
and lallinif into it twice. On one occa-sion he traveled a dis- 
tance of five hundred miles in eighteen hours. This was, 
however, surpassed by \yise and La Mountain's great trip in 
18.59, when they passed from St. Louis to Henderson, N. Y., 
a distance of about 1,1.50 miles, in less than twenty hours, or at 
an aver ige velocity of a mile per minute. This was, we believe, 
the JoQgest aerial voyage ever made, whil'- the Iiii;he^l ascent 
was made by Ula-hier and Coxweii. who reached the remark- 
able elevation of 37,000 feet, nr abnut .■•even miles above the 
earth. They were both disabled l)y the intense cold prevailing 
at that altitude, lost the u.~e of their limljs, and Coxwell wa- 
obliged to i)ull tiio val, e .^tring with his tt'ctli. in unler tn release 
the gas and return tu a warmer regum. 

The pos.sibility of guiding the l)alloon renders it u>ele^s a.■^ a 
certain moans of aerial transit, although inventors have no; 
been lackini;" who clalnie.l lo have ovei'conie thi- diflii-iilt\' by 
i-afelv and surely guiding the air ship in any de.-ireil direction. 
One of these was e.^hibited a few years ago, and succeeded veiy 
Well in turning hi» balloon here and there as long as it was 
indoors, by means of ]i.iddles like the screw ol a ijropei'cr; bui 
the ca.se would be verv dift'urent in the Ojjen air, especially if a 
current of wind were lilou'ing. The great .surhice which the 
balloon offers to the wind, and the comparative lack of rej.s- 
t^mce, cause it to be carried along with the velocity of the wind 
by wnjjh it is home. 

This circunjstance more than any other ha> rendered the 
balloon useless for purposes of transit, and the difficulty wil 
probably uever be oven-ouie. Certain encji-gencie^, however, 
have occasionally made the balloon very u.seful. It was em- 
pio.yed during our civil war to watcli the motion-; of tht: enemy 
in and around Riohiuonl. (reneral Porte.- was once wa'chng 
the rebels trom a captive ballo ni, when the calile buikc, a d 
he was carried over the Confederate lines ; but on pulling the 
valve the machine descended, ami a favor.i'ile wirnl toolL him 
back to his own I'orces. 

The nio^t notable use ever made of balloons wa^ during the 
siege of Paris by the (roriuin-;. in the la-t w.ir. When the 
city was completely invested, the pr(]ject of sending out ;> \n..'\\ 
balloon wasconeeived and put in execution, thefir»itone leaving 
Paris Septendier 23, with 221 pounds of letiers. and descend'n.,' 
at Evreux. Until the close of the war ballonns were constantly 
being dispatched , .some carrying lettei-s, otiier.- passenseis. 
More than six'y in all wei'e sent out, most of wh.cb we e utilized 
by the F.ist OSjj department, whic'.i forw,ird;d in al! al)our 
2, .500, 000 letters. Among tho-e who took thismcans ol'esca] e 
from the devoted city was (,i:inibett;i. Mnny of tlic^e liMlloot s 
were carried far beyond the French boundaries, one landing in 
Norway, iVi) miles north of Christiana, while soaie fed into the 
hands of the Prussians. One, in passing over the Prussian 
lines, was fired at so often that the aeronauts became njuch 
alarmed and were forced to ascend several hundred feet to 
escape the balls which whistled around them. It is difficult to 
conceive a more frightful situati(jn than that to whidi those 
travelers were exposed. In danger anyhow, a stray shot 
striking the balloon would usher them to a sudden ami violent 
death, and we way well imagine the haste with which th"y 
tossed sand bags overboard and their relief when beyond the 

ussian balls. Since the war the (Jerman government has 



taken ballooning in hand and is now endeavoring to improve 
and render it available for military purposes. 

A singular fact about aerial voyages is the perfect calm which 
apparently surrounds the balloon. No matter if it be carried 
along with a velocity of one hundred miles an hotir, there is no 
resistance; all appears to be still, and only by comparison with 
tjrresti-i.i! objects can the traveler perceive his high rate of 
motion. The danger to which the balloon is exposed from 
lightning strokes is supposed to be not very great, since it docs 
not communicate with the earth, and there is no special pro- 
je -tion for the electricity to simile out as a mark. Should such 
a calamity o -cur, it is easy to appreciate what might be its 
dreal'ul character and efTeets. Thus far, balloons have done 
little save to minister to the curiosity and love of novelty of the 
popul ice. and it is not very probable that they will ever serve 
a much better purpose. 

o t ^■^^-- « » — 

Tme \V,\V to (licr AniM.. —Twenty clerks in a store, twenty 
hinds in a |innting office, twenty apprentices in a shipyard, 
twenty young men 111 a village — .ill want to get along in the 
world and expect to Jo so. (.)iie of the clerks will become a 
partner, and make a fortune; one of the compositors will own a 
newspajier, and become an influential citizen; one of the 
a PI rentices will become a master builder; one of the villagers 
will get a handsome farm, and live like a jiatriareh — but which 
one is the liickv individual? Lucky? There is no luck about 
it. The thing isalmo-,t as cen>.jin as the rule of three, The 
young fellow who will di.-tancehi.scompetilors is he who masters 
his busiiirs--, wiio |n-eser.-es his iute.ijrity. who liv.es cleanly and 
I urely, who devotes his leisure lo the acipiisition of knowledge, 
wlio .uains iVieiid Ijy deserving them, and who .save* spare 
mouev. There are some ways to fortune shorter than this old 
du ty hiiihway. but the .staunch men of the community, the 
men who achieve simietViing leally worth having, goods, fortune, 
Mood mime, and serene old age, all go in this hard, dirty road. 



FOR LITTLE LEAP.NEP.S. 



ON THK niST OHV Of .TOSKPII SMITH, THE PP.nPHKT. — LUSSON XXI. 



y. — What di.l .I...s(.j,li ihen iloV 

A. — He huml.lcfl liimself bcl'ore llio Lord 

Q.— How Ion? dill he r.Miiaui at Manchester? 

^ — Only a short; season. 

Q,— AVlien he returned home in Pennsylvjini;! vvluit Inippened? 

A.— Tlic liciivenly uies,seni,'ei- met him :ind gave him tlie Uriin 
and Tluimmim and nl;i!es ;iy.'iin. 

O. -Ah nit what nieiilh and year was tliis'.' 

A -In .luly, 182.S 

Q.-_Whnt also h(i|.i.e!;ed iit this time? 

.:\._-.I,i<,.ph receive.! the tlr.-t reveliition as mentioned in the 
Doctrine nnd Covenants. 

Q._Who visited Joseph Smith a short time .-ifter this? 

A. —A man by ih" name of Oliver Cowdcry. 

Q. — What did he go to Josejili I'or? 

A.— To make imiuines ahout the plates, 

Q,--r>id hebidieve what .losridi told him'' 

A. — Yes 

Q, — "When did Joseph begin to traiLslate affain? 

A. — In two days after Oliver Cowdery came. 

Q.— Did Oliver assist him in niiy \v;iv ? 

A —Yen, he wrote for him as Josi'pli Ininshited, 

Q.— Wliilff Joseph continued translating what did the Lm-d do? 

A. - He gave hiin manv revelations. 

0. — Wluit were those revelation nhonl ? 

A, — About the work of the Lord and the fullness of the Gospel 




S5S 




0-TJ^EIsriILiE IIsTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



^h^ Jlurenil^ |(n»irijd0i;» 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1875. 





EIDITOZE^I^i^I-. THZOTJO-iaiTS. 

ECTIOXAL differences are a great eTil in 
any country, and in none are they greater 
than in a Republic like ours. We mean by 
sectional differences the opposition of one 
part of the country to another, or the 
opposition of different parts to one part. 
The divisions between the North and the 
South were sectional. The people spoke 
one language, belonged to one nation, but 
they were not united. Before the war many 
the people of the North disliked the South- 
n people and called them slaveholders; njany 
the people of the South, in like manner, 
sliked the people of the North and called 
'Yankees." These were terms of reproach; 
and, of course, where there was such a dispos- 
ition to despise each other there could be no 
real harmony of feeling. It was not so great a mat- 
ter of sir,iri.-e, then, that they shoidd ''all out and go 
to war. AVliLTe such feelings exist between the people of 
a nation th. y are always in danger of civil war. A cause that 
could be easily removed if they felt kindly towards each other, 
bscomes a serious trouble; it is like a spark falling on a tran 
of g\iMpowder, it soon iiroduees an exjilosion. 

Be.sidcs sectional differences there are other causes of trouble 
frequently in a nation. There arc religious differences, and if 
allowed to ojerate for any lensth of time, they become a very 
fr litful sourne of mischief and division. The history of every 
old nation is full of illustrations of the dreadlul conscfi nonces 
which always follow religious differences if allowed to go too 
far. They have been productive of the most bloody wars and 
of misery which cannot be described. 

AVe have had no religions war in our R3|valj'.ic yot. We 
mean, of cuur-e, in a national capacity. The Latter-day Saints 
have lieen warred upon by mobs, and State and Nation;tl 
authoriti-^ have looked calmly on and not interposed to stop 
the effusion ol blood and the perpetration of foul wrong. But 
in this case the war has been all on one side. We were the 
victims, and in no instance were we the aggressors. Ours was 
a religious persecution and not a war. It would not lie a sur- 
prising event, however, in view of the elements which are in 
existence in this Republic and which are being aroused, if tl ere 
should be a war in which religious diffeionces will [day an im- 
portant part. The>e, added to sectional differences, svould 
make a war of the most terrible and destructive chara<'ter. 
Tl. bring a religion into operation in a war of .sections would be 
like pouring coal oil on a fire — it wmdil [iroduce a conflagration 
that could not be easily extinguished. 

One of the most unple vsant features of the present times in 
our nation is the div'i.sion of fe.ding which exists between 
different parts of the country. There is a deplorable absence 
of that union which .shouM exist between the people of one 
nation. There is too much of the feelim: ; "Wo are of the 
-t ;" "We are ol the We>t;" "We are of tl e North ;"' a :d 



"We are of the South ;" and not enough of the feeling that "We 
are Americans, of one nation, of one people. " Whenever there 
is an occasion to call it forth this sectional feeling shows itself, 
and the worst symptom about it is, it isgrowing It is becom- 
ing the curse of our politics. Our Presidents, our mem- 
bers of the Cabinet, our ministers and our various ofiBcors must 
come from certain sections, or the people of those sections are 
offended. This is even carried into Congressional districts. 
The district will send a man to Congress. He distinguishes 
himself, he reflects honor upon the people who send him. he is 
just the man for the place, and his uselulnoss is increasing ; 
but, as he belongs to a certain part of the district, the other 
part think it is their turn to have a man .sent from among them, 
and the member is superseded. Tne new man hasto commence, 
like a new scholar at sehoo', at the place where his predecessor 
commenced, probably four years before ; and all this to gratify 
a sectional feeling! As though it ought to make any difference 
where a man is fi-om if he is the man for the place ! If a man 
is the proper one to be the President, to be a U'ember of the 
Cabinet or to fill anj- other prominent position, what difference 
whether he it from the East, the West, the North or the South, 
so long as he is tlie man of all others who is suitable to 111! the 
place? The question should not be : Is he from this, that or 
the other section of the country? but, Is he a ju.st man, a cap- 
able man, a man who is thoroughly hone.it and who loves his 
country ? 

So long as each section of the country feels that it gets its 
share of benefit under the government, there is not mucii 
trouble, even where the differences ot which we speak exi^t. 
But let one part have reason to think that it is neglected, i r 
that it is iiuposed upon for the benefit of another jiart, and 
there is ill-feeling, and if allowed to become too great or to go 
too far, more serious trouble is likely to arise. 

When Abraham Lincoln was elected President the S:,uth 
profes.sed to be a'-armed. Her leading men said that under the 
rule ot the Republican party their property — meaning their 
slaves — would not be protected ; they would be stripped of it. 
They did not wait to see whether this would be the case or not, 
but seceded, and the result was, civil war. This could not 
have occurred unless there had be.--n a diversity of interests and 
a strong sectional antagonism already in existence. The people 
of the North and the South were not one peoiile; they were 
too widely separated in feeling. AVhenever one important 
se;tioa of the country ieels that if it oppressed, or likely to be 
o;)pressed by the other, there is danger of outbreaks and civil 
dissensions. For peace to prevail in this Reimblic there must 
be equalitj'. The task of ;.re.serving peace in the nation is 
much greater, because of the jealou-y which exists between 
.sections. No long continued discrimination in favor of one 
portion of the people and again:-t am^her jioi'tion can exist 
without bringing trouble. Dl.^crimiuatious have aKvays been 
made again-t the people of T'tah. This his been done so much 
that it is looked upon by niany as perfectly right andj)roper. 
If the spirit that prompted that conduct were to stop at L'tah, 
it would not be so bad for those who indulge in it; but it does 
not. In the very nature of things it cannot. It exhibits itsell in 
otlier quarters. If the people of Utah are not to have their 
rights because they are "Mormons," why . ot, if there is the 
power and it can be done, deprive the Catholics, or the Pres- 
byterians, or the Democrats, or the people of the South, or the 
people of the West of .thtir rights? If might makes right, 
the temptation to use it in the case of Utah, leads on to the 
commis.sion of wrong in Louisiana, Mississi]ipl or any other 
State where it can be used to effect certain objects. If, because the 
"r>Iormons" are outnumbered and not strons enough to retisr 






0"TJ"VEI^irjE J:3^BTi?.TJOU:OI^. 



259 




they are therefore oppressed, why not, if the Catholics or 
Presbyterians or Episcopalians are in the minority, oppress 
them also? 

In this very course are the fruitful seeds of future difficulties 
and war. The people of Utah have been taught to submit 
liatiently to wrong. They know it is better to suffer wrong 
than to do wrong. They await the developments of Providence, 
fully conscious that at a day not far distant they will have all 
their rights granted to them, and that, too , without their 
getting up broils and contention. But other people do not 
feel so patient under wrongs, either real or fancied. They will 
resent them. There are plenty of juveniles in this T> r.itory 
who read these words who will live to see coutentiiins and wars 
in this country, uuless there is a thorough repentance of wrong 
on the part of the people, and they seek the spirit of union 
and love. But we sliould guard ourselves against "/' causes 
of division. We should be one. 



ttl| 



Jl!!settn(^> 



Ci^ 



BY BETH. 





THE SWOBD-FISII. 

TIIF. well-known Sword-l*'isli derives it~ imiailar name from 
the curious developnieut of tlie si. out, which projects 
forward, and i- greatly prolungeil into a shai.ie .•inmewhat resem- 
bling a sword-blade. The " 'sword'' u Ibru.cd by the extcn.,ion 
of certain bones 



belonging to the 
upper part of the 
be-ui This fine 
fish is found in 
the Mediterrane- 
an Sea, aTid also 

in the Atlantic Ocean: and in the former locality is often 
very plentiful. The Sicilian fishermen are accustomed to pur- 
sue the Sword-Fish in boats. ;ind mostly employ the harpoon 
in its capture. 

The Sword-Fish (Xiphias Glad ins of Lin.) "'s found from 
ten to sixteen feet in length. We can imigine the power of 
an immense creature like this in attacking an enemy. There 
is another fish of equal .size armeil with a weapon resembling 
a saw — spines projecting from each side. Some of these sin- 
snlar weapons, as also the "porcupine-fish'' and the "parrot- 
fish," may be seen at our Deseret JIuseum. 

T II E C IT A i: T C) D N . 

TuE muzzle of this singular fish is employed in a rather uii- 
espected manner, being used as a gun or bow, a drop of water 
taking the i)lace of the arrow or bullet. Perhaps the closest 
analogy is with the cjlebrated "sumpltan," a blow-gun of the 
^lacoushi Indians, a tube through wliieh an arrow is .shot by the 
fiirce of the breath. The Beaked Cbaetodon feeds largely ou 
flies and other insects, but is not forced to depend, as is the 
case with nearly every other fish, ou the accidental fall of its 
prey into the water. If it .sees a fly or other insect resting on 
a twig or grass-blade that overhangs the water, the Chaetodoa 
approaches very quietly, the greater part '.fits body submerged, 
and its nose just showing itself above the surface, the point 
directed towards the victim. Suddeidy it shoots a drop of 
water al the fly with .such accuracy of aim, that the unsusjiect- 
jng insect is knocked off its perch, and i.s snaiijicd u|) by the 




anin!a\s; thus "Cbaetodon" 



fish ac soon as it touches the surface of the water. This habit 
it continues even in captivity, and is in consequence in great 
estimation as a household pet by the Japanese. They keep 
the fish in a large bowl of water, and amuse themselves by 
holding towards it a fly upon the end of a slender rod, and 
seeing the finny archer strike its prey into the water. 

There are two fishes that have the faculty of squirting 
water to kill their prey, the Chaeiodon rosfrafus, representei 
in the picture, and the Taxotes jacidator. There are many 
fishes which resemble these in shape, without possessing this 
remarkable power of killing flies for food. Generally, animals 

are named from some fancied 



resemblance, as the "porcu- 
pine fish,'' from its being 
covered with spines; the "par- 
rot fi.sh," from the structure 
of its mouth, which resemble.^ 
the beak of a parrot. Natural- 
is :s alsj take advantage of 
resemblances in naming and 
giving the descrip i m of many 
meuni "bristle-shaped teeth," 
and the teeth of this fish are shaped like a row of spines. 
THE SEA-BASS. 

Tin: fine fish so well known under the name of Bass, or Sea- 
Pace, is common ou many of our coasts, and is eousidered by 
anglers as aflbrding good sport. It seems from accounts of 
practical sportsmen, to bite with readiness at a bait, but to be 
a difliLult fish to secure, on account of its tender mouth, its 
ingeuious stratagems, and its gre it strength. When hooked, 
it leaps, plunges and .swims with such force and swiftness, that 
the captor is forced to e-Kercise the greatest skill in preventing 
it from breaking away. One of its favorite ruses is to double 
back under the boat, iu hopes of cutting the line against the 
keel, or gaining a fi.^ed point bj' which it ma\ be able to drag 
the hook from its mouth. 

The Bass family consists, of a great many different varieties, 

and though the resemblance between these varieties is so strong 

that the difference would piobably not be apparent to the 

casual observer, it is discovered by the naturalist, who gives to 

.— -, each class or 

variety a pecu- 

,=3»:ai*s&iiK,^ '''^'' scientific 
tfft^^^ name, and by 
this name it 
mav be distinguishrd all over the world. 




T'i.m's Goi.tj Bust. — "That boy knows h'lW to take care of 
hi- :r >'l dust," sail Toiu's nuelc often to hinise'.f, and some- 
times a!o:id. 

Tom wnt to college, and every account they beard of him 
he was g^ing ahead, laying a solid foundation for the future. 

"Certainly," said bis uncle, "certainly; that boy, I tell you, 
knows how to take care of his gold dust.'' 

''Grild dust".'" VVbere did Tom get gold dust '?- He was a 
poor boy. He had not 1ioen to California. He never was a 
miner. Where did he get gold dust'.' Ah! he had seconds 
and minutes ; and tliese are the gold Awt of time which boys 
and girls ami grown uii peoiile are apt to waste and throw away 
Tom knew their value. His father had taught him that every 

ock and particle of time was worth its weight in gold; and 



s])ecK 



his sou took care of them as if they were, 
gold dust. 



Ta' 



care of your 





JTJVEISrJ.J_i£J XlsTSTI^XJOTOJEe. 



THE ^I^T OiF I=E.IISr'XIIsrG-. 



BY EOLLO. 



[Continued.) 




TYrE-FOI'NDIXG IN El'llOPP:. 

IT si^ems that f(jr a lung tiiup after the <liseovci-v of |)rintii).ff, 
type-founding, printing anj book binding went under the 
general term of jtrinting; and that printers cast the t.vpes used by 
them and printed andjbound the works executed iu their establish- 
ments. It was early in the seventeenth century that tyjie 
founding became a distinct calling. A decree of the Star 
{.'hamber made July II, 1«).!7, ordained the following regula- 
tions concerning Iingli>h founders: 

"There shall be four luuiiders iif letters for iirinting, and no 
more. 

''That the archbishop of Ca?itcrliury, or the bishop oi'T, in('on 
with six high commissioners, shall sujijily the iilace.s ni' tlmse 
four as they shall become void. 

''That no master fuuiuler shall keep above two aupientices 
at one time. 

"That all journeyuirn foiyiders lie ouiiildved Ijv the master 
of the trade, and that idle Journey nien Ije C'lniiielled to work, 
tmder jiain of imprisonment, and such otlicr i)unishuient as 
the court shall think fit. 

''That no uuisler-tuiinder of lettrrs shall eniiiloy any other 
person in any work belonging to the casting or i'ounding of 
letters, than freenu n and apprentices to the tiade, save only 
in pulling oft" the knots of metal hanging at the ends of letters 
after tney are first cast; in which work every master-iounder 
may employ one boy, not bound to tiie trade.'' 

And 1/y ihe same decree the number tif master-printers in 
England was limited to twenty. 

It is said that ri'gulati(ms like the aluxe were in force till 
ITiflO. The ''polygot founders, " as ihcy weie callcil, were 
succeeded by Joseph Maxon and othei's. I'litil ihe advent of 
William L'a.slon, the Iviglisli were unal>le to eom|iete with the 
supericjr jjroductions of the Dutch founders, when he l^a.-^lon) 
by the lieauly and excellence of his t>|ie surpa-^sed his 
Bntavian coniiietitors, and the imporiation of fu-eign type 
ceased, his founts being in turn exported to the continent. 

'i' Y I' E F U N D I N U I N A M I-: 1{ I (' .V . 

A foundry was established at ( Jerniantown, Pennsylvania, 
about the year 17."."i. principally f(M-(!ernnm type, by Thristo- 
pher Saiir lor Sower) a printer by ))rofession, who exi euted in 
(Ternnin the fir.-t cpiario Bible ever jirinted in ,\nierica. as well 
as otlifr \alu;ible (b'tniun works. One edition of the Bible 
was luiiitcd in 17-1:;, another in \'*'u. and still another in 177i;. 
the first edition being printed by Christopher Saur himself, 
the latter two by Ids son. Sanr pulilished a newspaper in 
(jrerinantown in 17:;'i. 

Ahcmt the year I7l'>>^ an titt'inpt was made to set uji a 
foundry at Boston, liy a person named ^litchelson, a native of 
Seothmd. .-ind another in Connectiiait by a Mr. Beck. l)r. 
i'ranklin, in 177-") brought from Europe to Philadelphia the 
nuiteriab f w a foundry; but .scarcely any use was made of them. 
John Baine, an Edinburg type founder, .sent a relative to this 
country with tools for a fmindry at the close of thejrevolution- 
ary war. and in a sliort time tjiereafter came over himself 
They carried on the business till 17'.ill, wlien Mr. Bainc died, 
and his relative returned to his native country. Shortly after- 
ward's a Dutch fininder settled in New York, and cast Dutch 
.1 (Jerman faces, which were conceded to be very handsome, 




although it is biutea his Eoman styles were very poor; like 
many other works, want of nioney pi evented his succes.s. Mr. 
Thomas Mackellar says: 

"In 17;ii), type-founding was commenced in Philadelphia, 
by Archibald Biniiy and James Ilonald.son, natives of the city 
of Edinburg, where Binny had carried on the same business. 
Their assortment was not extensive, but it embraced the 
essential founts — Brevier, Bourgeois, Long Primer, Small 
Pica, Pica, and two-lino letters. They were obliging and' atten- 
tive, and in twenty years made a fortune. They improved 
their foundry according to the increase of printing and the 
eonseiiuent demands of the trade, extending their assortment 
from Pearl, of Isolinesina foot, to 12-line Pica, having lines. 
B nny made an important imi)rovement in the type mould, by 
which a caster could cast TiiiOO letters in a day with as much 
ease as he before could east 4oi.)0." 

The demand fiir t\\)S was very bri.sk until the war of f.'~il2, 
and the founders could not supiply the demands upon them, 
generally being three or four inonthsin arrears in the execution 
of theii orders. 

Elihu White established a tv) e-f mndry in New York in ISI] ; 
before which he had been cngaeerl in connection with a Mr. 
AVii'L''. in tlie mrinufacfure ot prin'-ing tyjies at Hartford, 
Conn., upon ;. plan of their own invention, by which twenty or 
thirty typ(\~ were east at c nee: Inn he abandoned that inven- 
tion and adopted the o'd )ilaii of casting them singly. In the 
''American I'rinter.'' Mr. !M:ickellar say>: 

"In Isi:;, ano'her type-fotmdry was begun in the city of 
New York, by D. & G. Bime. piinei|ial!y to cast tyjies for 
their own u-e. Tluy h;id carried on Look-printing for .seven 
years, nnl had now become acfittaiiited with the stereotype art 
— Mr. 1 >avid Bruce having visited England in 1812 and acquired 
it by ptirchase ami actual la^ior. For (u-dinary printing, it was 
customary to bevel off the body of the type at the face end, 
or shoulder, as it is usually called, which unfitted it for making 
a strong steriotype jilate in the most ai)nrovcd way: hence the 
necessity of casting type expiesslyfor stereotype. Their first 
fount was Bourgeois, with which they cast two sets of plates of 
the New Te.-tann lit (the Common School Testament), and 
sold one of these to Mathew Carey, of Philadelphia, retaining 
the other for their own lin.~iness. But these were not com- 
pleted tillb'! 1 4. In ISl.',. they ca-t the plates of the 12m"o 
School Bilili'. on Nonpareil typ.e, prejiared, like the Bourgeois, 
at their own foundry expressly for steieotyping. They thus 
gave the first stereotype school Testatuent and school Bible to 
America; but not the fiivt stereotype book. John Watts, oT 
England, also commenced stereotyping in New York in 181 o, 
:ind CI mpleted the Westminster Catechism that year, a volume 
of 120 pages 12mo. David Bruce invented the planing machine 
for C(pializing the thickness of .stereotype plates, which is now 
tLsed in every stereotype foundry in the United States. The pro- 
cess of stereotyping is, however, entirely different from that of 
ordinary type-founding, and it is, therefore, generally carried 
on as a separate busine.ss, or connected with the composing 
department of a )irinting-oflScc. Twent.v compositors and two 
jiroof-readers will furnish full employment foi one moulder, 
one caster, and three finishers, who will, among them, com- 
plete, on an average, 5U pages of octavo per day. 

The mode of type-founding has latterly undergone some 
impo.'tant improvement.". "First among them is the intrj- 
dtiction of machine-casting, in which a pump forces the fluid 
metal into the mould and matrix and gives a .sharper line to 
the letters than was formerly given by the most violent throw 
I f the caster. " The old practice of easting type singly still 
remains. It is .said that the idea of this machine originated ^ 




OTTJ'VEn^ILE IILTSTI^TJCTOI^ 



■61 




with William INI. Johnson, who introduced it into his fonndiy, 
and persevered in using and trying to ini prove it as long as ho 
livi'd; but ho did not suceeod in removing the greatest fault, 
whic-h was a hollowness in the body oi the typ3s east by it, 
whirh were inelinwd to sink under the pressure of the printinir 
press. The first suceessful type-easting machine was invented 
by David Bruee, Jr of New York, and was iiatonted .^lar. h 
IT, 1S.1S. The )intc:it was sold to (n'orge uniee and the 
maebines were used by liini until I.s4."). David Bruce, Jr. in the 
meantime, patented another niacliinc in \s4X which, with new 
improvements, patented two years after, srave general satisfac- 
tion, and is now in use in ahno.--t all tlic Annoriean foundries 
(Tliis machine was nuntioned in my article on "How types 
.are made"). By Brucc^'s nia(diine, three times the quantity 
of type that was cast bv Binny anil Bonald-on's improved 
mould, is now cast in a given lin;e: ami nearly five times the 
fiuantity that was cast by tl i hand niouM of fi.'ty 

years ago. This improvemcri; .... ... >'d into Km ■ 'u'.-nf'! has 

been adopted by Uio.-t oF the German founders; at 

Britain it found but little favor; :>ii 
still cast there in the anie V-ind !■: 
2(H) years ago, or in ibe earlie.-t know; 
rate of 4(K10 letters jier day. 

There are mw il.rce t\i e-fmndres 'i in New 

Yoik, one in BulT'a'o. tbne ii ' ' '' ' . a'timiae, 

two in Cincinnati, one in (1. vkce. ore in 

St. Louis, one in Bichmond and two ia ' i ty-hiur 

in all. These foinulries Mil piy all (he United 

States, most of the prin'er> in Canat^a. i lli< l!iit:>h 

West India Island.-^, the Sianl-h and 1 .. :. ,. r.i.d.--. M(x'<o 
and South America. The rpialiiy of A mci ii a.n tyi>e is efiua!— 
if not far superior— to tliat of .•my i\iade in Ivnoie. 
I 70 he Colli iiiiii'i/. ) 



BIG- "WOIRIDS. 



r.v iinui iCNiiTdii. 




ItiAVK been I'equestod towrile souielhin!; amusing, and at 
the same tii)U!'in>truetive feu- the jnvonilj readers of the 

In>tri<-tok. 

Well, now. what .-hail the subject *! r? Slial! it be ab.nit 
some o'f the gre-ii jieop''' '>f Kiuoiie. tln> savage< of the Smth 
S:a.s. the gold .seekers of .\u<tralia or California, the udiib'rs 
of Colorado, or a sail down the mighty Mi-.si^sippi, f,-,r T i}ave 
traveltd in those different iiarts, and ba\e had the hmHU' of 
being in the in-esence of and speaking to some gicat people, 
as well as having a social chat, sitting around a "wliare" fire 
in a ho.^pitablc csnnibal's "pah." I think I will not write on 
either ot these subject-i just now. but promise you to do so in 
the early future, that is it alt be well: for there is one thing 
troubling my mind at present and I am always anxious to keop 
my upper story as clear as possible. Tf you look to the top of 
this paper you will see what is trouliling me— big words. 

Now, in writing to you specially on this sulijeef, 1 want to 
give a sly poke ovi'ryoiir shoulders at some of the older Iblks, 
for thev want stirring up sometimes as much as the juveniles. 

I have always had a i;reat horror of "big words" since hear- 
ing, when a boy, the following sea yarn: 

"An aristocratic youth was ai)pointed to .serve as midship- 
man on board a certain ship. One night the captain over- 
heard this young middy address a sailor on watch as follows: 
'Say, you mariner, extinguish that nocturnal illuminator!' 

lie sailor stood speechless and the only thing he couhl do was 



to scratch his head, hitch his iiajitsaiid look very stupid. The 
midshipman was getting red in the fact; and vratbyat not 
being instantly obeyed, when the captain came up and called 
to the sailor. 'Wateh below there!' 'Aye, aye sir:' was the 
ready response. 'T'o'ice that glim!' 'Aye, aye, .si ,' and the 
light was at once put out. " 

- Now I do not wish to be imdeistood that we are iievrr to use 
long or hard words, for we cannot help tlieir use senietimes to 
enable us to convey aright our meaning; especially is this the 
c:i-c in wriiing or speaking modern seience.-: but what I do 
mean is that we .~hou!d never use tliose "crack-jaw " woids 
wl;ea simple words will have the same effect. 

The ignorant think the free use of these long words to be 
a sur^ sign ol' great .sch darshi)), but they are sadly mistaken. 
Br. John.soti. on" i;f England's grealest sih ilars. used to say 
(bat fhf ■:■■!■. -It liinv't; of tb.e Ki •!■!: h hoignage was in its 
s(iiip?i'\ 1 .re;U aulhois, 

;.e and simple. 
■f the Bible or 



y 1 

i: 



|ia ii .i; io ii ■ ■.. - 
wo-.-.b; wbi'ii ad ': 
b 



ii.age. 
for 

L ill, Ilk lioT. Jj u- t vjimie. lilui; I took 

'11 iliiiik tb'at ten '.lit .,'.' very A< z n 

■O.S. Il, is 

a , ; , „ ... .ippiy iig 
ion: they contuse their 
'i -o iloing. 

Se : '.v. ; t little Wol'ds 
whenever you ca: vs, wliieli 

1 iolc when M'e m.- i oiy gii-z/.ly 

ui.mts bloekingup th.'way: but mind if youlia\e to fai-e them, 
do so I :i!diy, no 'VKippMig over" them liut battle wi:h them, 
a;i 1 ii' voii do not know their meaning or liow Io .'peak them, 
ask some one whom you think can tell you, nevtr he ashamed 
t 1 ask to be taught, iiu' do you know that the .-martest nnin of 
your aci,(uaiutauce dill not atone time know liis A, B. C? he 
h id to be taught. 

Last Sun lay [ lieard ,a primary class in our Sabbath school 
answering .smartlv the ipicstions from the l.N.sTRUCTOR, and 
sueh words as prO|ihet, engr:n' d, apostle, tran-late etc. . were 
fr..'ely uttered. When the te:iehi'r liad linislu:d I a k^d jier- 
missioii to ipicstion to ■ i-la-s, and it was grante i. L wished 
the cbildnai to tidl iiic the meaning of tlu'se every day words 
t'iiey had jii.-t iilteied. but nor one band was upiitted, and not 
on • cor.'i.'et meaning of any word was liiveu. Now, who w s 
a- fault? Why, both the tivcdier a.:id the seholai-s; the teacha' 
f.jr not exphiJi'Ling in a plain and sim|)le manner all wonls as 
they oecureil in t e.les.^on, and the sidiolars for not n.ikin(j the 
}/ie./;('')ii? when he or siie did not know it. Tln'ii liear this in 
mind and always ask the meaning of wh.at you do iwt know. 
If by no other means, stop ihe (irst person you meet and 
politely a-k him to explain, and not be like the old lady who. 
one S.ibbalh vvas hearing a conceited young p.u-ou jireach, 
who, in living his opinion on a certain luiint of doctrine, 
reuiarked, "The commcntatoi-s do not amvewilh me here.'' 
This troubled the [loor old soul, so, early next morning she 
started off to the parson's house with a loaded ba.-ket and 
Itreseute.l t lie euutentsto the minister. "Why my good woman," 
said lie, "what made you bring these to me'.^" The poor old 
wiiinan replied, with tears in lua- eyes, "I beai'd you say yes- 
terday tlnit the common talers did not agree with you. and so 
T have brought you .some of the best potatoes out of my garden. 



TliK end of true philosophy is to subdue the passions 





S63 



•JTT-VEllNriIL.E IXnTSTI^TJCTOI?.. 



!(gnej5!!0i!^^ nnil %nswtr§ 



onsr TKCE 



IBIjII!. 



FIRST BOOK OF SAMUEL. 




LESSON XCVllt. 

Q. — What did Sarnuel ?ny in answer to tliis' 
A. — "Hath tlie Lord as great duIiKlit in burnt nii'eringf and 
sacrifices a? in obeying tbe voice of the Lord? Buliold, to obey 
is better than sacrifiCL-, and to hearl<en tlian the tat of rams." 
Q. — What fnrther did .Samuel ?ayy 

A.— "For reljellion is as the sin of \vi;cli,'r;ift, and 'tubbornness 
is as iniquity and idiilatry. B.'cnise thou hast rejected tlie word 
of the L.ird he hath also rejected thee from beinsr king." 

Q.— "What did Saul say to Sanuici'' 

A. — "I have sinned: for I have transsre-sed the ccnnmand- 
nienli nf tlie L'U'd and thy word.-: liccause I feared the peopli' 
iind obeyed their voice." 

Q.— Vhiat did Saul asli Sanjuel to dn" 

A. — To p:Lrdi>n his sin and worsl.iji with him. 

Q. — What was Samuel's reply? 
A.— "1 will not return with tlu^e " 

Q — Wliat did S:iul do, when SMnun 1 Inrned tn lyo aw^y? 

A. — "He laid hidd upon the .-kirt of hi^ mantle." 

Q.— What was the re.-ult? 

A. — ]t rent. 

y.— What did Samuel tlien >»:'' 

A. — "The Lord liatli rent the kingdcmi ><' I-rael frum thee tliis 
day, and hath given it to a neighbor of thine, that is better tli;in 
thou." 

Q. — When Saul aeain besought Samuel to lionor him before 
the elders what was the result'.' 

A. — "Samuel turned airain after Saul, and Saul worshiped the 
Lord." 

^<. — Wlio did .S;imue! command to be brouglu before him'.' 

A. — Agag, the king of the Amalekites. 

Q — How did Agag come untf> liim'' 

A. — --Delicately.'' 

C;. — Wliat did Agag say'.' 

A. — ".-^ureb- the bitterness of de;itli i- p:i-t." 

Q.— Wliat rejdy did Samm-i make' 

A. — "'As the Lord hath made women cliildless, so shall thy 
mother be childless among women." 

Q. — What did Samuel then do'.' 

A. — "He hewed Agag to pieces before the Lord in Gilgal." 

Q —What is said Concerning .Samuel after lie returned to his 
home" 

A. — Tliat he came no more to see Saul until tlie day of his 
death; nevertheless, he mourned for him. 

y. — What did the Lord then say to Samuel' 

A.— "How long wilt thou mriurn for Saul, seeing I have rejected 
him from reigning over Israel?" 

Q.— What else did He say to Samuel ' 

A. — "Fill thy horn with -n., and go. 1 will send thee to Jesse 
the Hethleheniite; for I have ju-ovided me a king among his 
sons." 

Q.— AVhat reply did S;uiuiel make to the Lord? 

A.— "How shall I go? if Saul hear it, he will kill me." 

Q. — What did the Lord answer'.' 

A. — "Take a heiler with thee and say, I am come to sacrifice to 
the Lord." 

y. — 'Who was Samuel to call to the sacritiee'^ 

A. — Jesse. 

Q. -What did the Lord promise Samuel' 

A. — That he would show him what he should do'' 

Q. — Whom was .Samuel to annoint unto the Lord? 

A. — Hiin whom the Lord named. 

Q. — What took place when Samuel followed the instructions of 
the Lord and came to Bethlehem'' 

A. — The elders of the town troubled at his coming. 



onsr THE 




REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



fRSSON xcviir. 

Q. — Asiloroni and Pahoran were marching towards the city 
of iNophihali -J bom did tlioj- meet? 

.\. — .\ large body of Lamanltes nearly' all of whom they took 
prisoners. 

Q. — \^ h:tt promise did theso prisoners make? 
A. — Tlicy agreed that they would not take up aims against the 
Xepbites any more. 

y. — Wlnre were tliey then .-ent to live'? 
A. — Among the peojiU: oi .Vnimon. 
Q. — How many of them were there? 
A. — A'jout four thou^iind. 

f.i. — Wb-it did Jloroni desire of the Lamanites in the city of 
>"e.di,,aii? 

A. — He wanted them to come out and fight. 
Q. — As tliey would not do this, what did Moroni do? 
A.. — He went at niglit as a spy to .-ee at which point in the city 
the Lamanites were the weakest. 

Q. — \Vherc did he find the city the best defended? 
A.— On tne ea-t side. 
Q.— Wha' did he then do'' 

A. — He returned to his army and ordered ropes and ladders to 
be got in readiness. 

C. —Having done this, what did he do'' 

A. — Ho marched forth, and by means of these ladders got 
inside the city on the west side. 

C. -lu the morning wiien the Lamanites saw the Nephites in 
the city, what did tliey do? 

A. — 'I'eev were very much frightened and fled out at the east 
entr.ince. 

g.— ^V'hatdid Moroni then do'' 

A. — He followed them killing man3' and taking many prisoners. 
Q. — Did any escape? 

A.— Yes; and they fled into tbe land of ^loroni. 
Q. — How many Nephitcs wer<' killed in this encounter? 
A. — Xot one. 

Q.— What was the desire of many of the Lamanite prisoners'" 
A. — They wanted to join the people of Amnion and become a 
free peoph-. 

Q. — Wei e they permitted to do this? • ■ 

A.— Ye.-; and they became an industrious people, 
y. — After losing the city of Nejdiihah where did t'le Lanianites 
flee? 

A. — All their armies gathered in the land of Moro:ii vmder 
their king Ainmoron, and they i-ere surrounded by the Nechites. 
Q. — What did Teancum do in the night? 

A -He let himself down into the camp of the Lamanites and 
sought Ammoron. 

Q. — When he found him whal did h? do' 
A. — He killed him with a javelin. 
Q — What was the fate of Teancum' 
A. — He was pursued and killed by tne Lamanites. 
Q.- -When Moroni heard of the death of Teancum how did 
he feel' 

A. — He was much grieved. 
Q. — Wh:\t did he do in the morning? 

A. — He attacked the Lamanites and drove them out of the land. 
Q. — After this, what was done? 

A. — The parts of the land most exposed were fortified. 
Q.— What did Moroni then do? 

A.— He gave the command of the armies to his son, and retired 
to his home. 

Q. — What was the name of his son? 
A. — Moronihah. 





crTJ^iun^i:L.E! iiltsti^tjctoi^ 




263 



THE VIXjXoJ^G-E l^^J^-YTOT^. 



From CJuivibsrs' Miscellany. 



{(Jontinued.) 

W^ ^"'^^ friend in Tlanl wasa yoiingand |)O0l'pe;iS:\nt nanifd 

ill lielirecbt, whum I had often assisted in tlic manaiieincnt 
ofiiis children, and T lianded over my school to liin'. He \vas( or.- 
firmed in the situation by the sehool cnnimissinn ; and T. only 
reserving to myself the priviiew of relatini; stories as foinierly. 
left the school house, and built myself a hut in the wooil, in or- 
der to be near my workmen. They aiso li.uilt huts there ; and 
we lived very much like American backwoodsmen. Tb.c 
peasant* shook their heads at my foolisli undertaking. One 
acre after another of wood was changed into a-hes; and in a 
twelvemonth some hundred acres were laid bare. The potash 
thus procured found a ready sale, and was sent far and wide. 
From the produce of half the fu-est Trained enough to pay th'" 
remainder of the purchase money; and besides possessing 
the land. I had now a large capital in ni\- hands. 

"I built a small houso upon my land, with stabling and 
ba ns, bought cattle, laid the ground out in fields and meadows, 
and carried on farming as well as my potash manufactory. I 
discovered not far from my hou.-e a mineral spring; and as there 
were no baths near Hard, T built an imi, and iniblished in all 
the newspapers the medicinal properties of the waters, the 
beauty of the neighborhood, and the accommodation for vi.sitors. 
Many people came; and in a year or two I was obliged to add 
a wing to the hotel. 

"I gave the management of the baths to an honest and dili- 
gent family. My capital increased rapidly. I divided three 
hundred acres into several parts, and built dwelling.'-; for I had 
wood and limestone in abundance; and as .sonn as a house was 
ready, I placed a farmer therein. I chose those who were .skillful 
in their business, and made th.; leases as advantageous to my 
tenants as possible. I beoanie. in face, the lawgiver to my 
colonists. These found .so much advantage in settling on my 
land, that they would not willingly disoley me ; and my un- 
yielding severity towards certain faults soon banished them from 
m.v empire, for all feared my displeasure. Limk there, dear 
Eodern; all those buildings behind us on the hill, fourteen in 
number, are the extent of my colony. 

"Among the strangers who yearly visited the liaths we;e 
mmy of high rank, with whom I became acrpiainted. Had I 
be?n dressed as they were, my knowledge would not have 
attracted any attention; 1 ut in my jicasant's frock, I appeared 
to them a very clever and adnurable man. I was supposed to 
be enormously rich; and after the death of the old village 
mayor, was named his successor. In fact, my elevation of rank 
gave me as much joy as being eho.sen governor or mini.rter of 
s'ate would have done in former days. Now I had attained 
my purpose, and m.v wishes were accomplished. I knew the 
ingrat tude of the inhabitants of Hard. What e'se could be 
espected from such idle, mean-spirited, ignorant people? T 
must have made them human, before I could expect noble 
feelings from them. 

"I carried on my design, assisted by the cure Bode and the 
schoolmaster Lebrecht. i continued my conversations with 
the youths of the village. I knew, from eight years' experience, 
Jill the sources of evil in the place, and I tried to stay them. 
One of the most important was the love of going to law. I 
made myself their attorne}'. I examined all the claims of the 
pea.sants, put an end to their unarrels by means of friendly 
advice, and from that time all the law-loving peasants came to 



me as judge. I was now so placed as to ao just all matters, 
and to frustrate all the endeavors of the country lawyers to 
lu-oduce quarrels. This was an unsjieakably great advantage 
tj the village. But, in the midst of all this, something haj.- 
pened of which I had often th(mght but had never yet expe- 
rienced — .-omething which for some time turn.,d my brain, and 
put all plans of reformation out of my head. 

"I was going one day with a load of pota.sh to Berg, a ma.- 
kel-'.ijwn al out six miles distant, and where my agent 1 vjd. I 
had laid a sack of beans on the tup of ths load, aul jutt as t 
entered Berg, it icU off. A boy who was pa-ssing saw the sac'c 
lying in.the road, told mc of my loss, and 1 took it upon my 
back, in order to carry it to the wagon. Just at this moment 
a pretty townciad maiden i<assed me, and as I looked at her, 
a strange feeling came over me. My hat had fallen ofl', and 
hiving the sack on my back, I could not sloop to pick it up. 
She .saw my dilemma, and kindly taking it up, gave it me. 
Whether 1 thanked her or nut, I di> not even now know, but I 
followed my wagon inlo the town as if in a dream ; I could not 
f>_>rget her smile. 

"I had a little bedroom at my agent's house always ready 
for me, for I wis ol'icn obliged to remain al[ night at Berg. 
This day, however, I had finished my ' u.siness early, and had 
intended to return home ; but I eould not resist remaining at 
Berg, in the hope of seeing the maiden again. I could not 
quit the window, and stood gazing into the street, until I wa,s^ 
called to dinner. To my surprise, on jcining the family at 
table, I found the maiden |ihere. I sat in the place of honor, 
as u.-5ual, and she wao oppo.site me. I could no eat. 1 saw 
only her bla^k eyes instead of my food. 'Who is your visitor?' 
said I to my friend after she was gone. 'It is a poor girl that 
my sister, the cure's wife, has educated,' replied my agent's 
wife. 'My brodier-in-law is just dead, and as my sister is 
going to leave the vicarage, she sent this girl to me for a short 
time. ' This answer pleased me much ; but no part of it more 
than the word pfjor. 'Then I may hope,' thought I. I was 
not poor, nor very ugly, and only two-and-thirty years old ; but 
I w.is a potash manufacturer, and she an elegant city maiden. 
My spirit was troubled. 

■'Soon after, in passing by the kitchen, I saw the maiden 
busy at the fire. Her kitchen apron made her more lovely than 
ever. 3Iy courage returned. In the evening I heard the 
sound of music as [ .sat in my own room : it was she playing om 
a miserable pianoforte. 1 entered the room whence the sounds 
came ; she was alone, and her lace became crim.son when .she 
saw me. I begged leave to tune the piano for her; and after 
I had done thi.s she played to mc. Never liad music so delight- 
ed mc. She showed great taste and capabilit}', and I felt as 
if in heaven. She was suiprised that I knew anything of mu.'C 
and that my language was not that of a common countryman. 
^Are all the peasants in your ueighborbood as well educated 
as your,self, sir?' asked she smilingly; at which I smiled ia 
return. I proposed a walk, and she consented. She looked 
more beautiful now ; for the air changed the paleness and 
sorrowful expression of her features into cheerfulness, and 
almost merriment. We s;it together at supper and afterwards- 
spent an hour pleasantly at the piano. 

'I remained the next day at Berg, and I invited my agent ari(J 
his family to pass a day at Hard. 'Mademoiselle Augusta 
must also go with us,' .said he ; 'she goes back next week to 
m/ sister-in-law.' The whole family accompanied me back to 
Hard. When the beautiful girl sprang from the coach, and 
trod my land, I felt that she must be my wife. 

"My guests took up their al odj in the nev,' hntel, and I gave 
orders that they should be made as comfortable as possible 



.'v3(>i. 





^264: 



cru'VEisriXjE uststi^tjctok. 




Tlie .■lu'jiit's wifi' iiiarle iiiiiny rouniients on my ]iuu!-c, :inil 
\v:int ■ ! :.i !.ii vv \, liy I did not liv.- iiiove liixuviovisly. 'I ciuld 
do sii as well ;is otl;i)>-,' i-aid I, iiul willumt a litile vaui'v ; 
'Init r do not want hixinics to make mo LaiJiiy. I will do 
without tlieuj, in (jrder to liave eiionjili to give to tl,o-c wlio 
are in want. ' ]\Iy agent ^hook bis head: and said : 'You arc 
a wondorful man !' The maiden looked at me wlili syiii]:a- 
th'z'n.!,' cyos, and was the only one who dercudcd me. 'Wlio 
wants luxiii-ies where perfect nealne.^svoiiinsV' said she. 'J'oes - 
1 of njahogany tribles. china cups. (U' silver, -|Orns 
'1 our hapjiiness?' I led my liricnder, lo the 
p: iMo; I. .-iioweil her various valuaUlc litiie triiie^; aii;l at la.st 
e 'vlueteil her iniu my jrarden. Siie looked round with d"li;;ht, 
:; , ! ex..-Iaim.:d : '11 i\v beautiful it i.s here!' 'And will you 
leave all this '^' said r. 'D ) you think it will b3 as beiafifid 
when you are srovij'.' She wa,s silent. 'Stay liere.' euntinurd 
I; 'you are lo\ e 1 here mure than yon will he anywhere el-i'.' 
Tears filled her eye^ : she louked at me. 'Stay,' lepeated I; 
'for without yiiu T cannot be happy.' She saw my airitalidu, 
am] answered : 'I would willingly remain here. Here is ti'ue 
haiipiuess!" 'Share it then with me.' cried I. 'You arc an 
orphan, aud tJiere i.s no one to oppose .your giving your haud 
and heart to me.' 'Ti-uly T have no parents; I am very i)nor; 
but what I Ji.ive pronii-ed I will fultili. I will take no iinpoi- 
taut step witlunit the con.^erjt of my kind fostennother, and 
al.^o ot (iue man whom I honor above all on tlie earth.' 'M Ini 
is that UKin?' asked I. anxiously. 'The noblest in the world. 
My father died miserably, and had, by his indiscretion, made 
this man unhapjw. I was forsaken by all, but this young man 
took pity on nje. Tie chose me a guardian, and spent the 
little he had \ipo'-! my education. I honor him as a father. 
He kei't his residence secret from me, but my guardian knew 
where he was. I wrote two letters to thank him for all he had 
done, but I have received no answer. I will do nothing without 
his con-ent.' 'What is his name? I will seek him, even if Ire 
be in America.' 'Engelbei'tl' she replied. I lost my speech; 
but at last I .stammered : 'Are you Augusta Leuz'?' 'Yes,' she 
replied with much surprise. I to^k her hand, led her to my 
desk, and showed her the two letters. 'How did you obtain 
the.se letters?' she asked. I am Engelbert, and your father 
was my guardian,' 1 replied. She sank on her knees at my 
feet, ki.s.sed my liand, and would not let me rai.se her up. 'Let 
me lie here,' said she; 'I have often wished to thank my 
benefactor.' 'Will j'ou leave me?' said 1. "Xo ody but 
you has aright to control me,' she replied. 'What you com- 
mand is my will.' 'And if I command nothing — if I were not 
Engelbert. and if Engelbert opposed us, would .you leave me?' 
She turned her face to mine. It w:is the happiest moment of 
my life, for we were now betrothed. 

{_To be Continued.') 




O.sf.v female sjiiders can si)in webs. They own all the real 
estate, and the males have to livea vagabond life, understones 
and in other obscure places, and if they arc troublesome about 
the house, they are mercilessly killed and eaten. The skin 
of rhi.' spider is tough and is shed like the shells of lobsters 
and crabs, to accommodate the animal's growth. If 3^ou poke 
over the nibbish in a female spider's back yard among her 
cast off corsets you will find the jackets of the males who have 
paid for their sociality with tlieir lives — trojihies of her barbar- 
ism, as truly as scalps show the savage nature of the red man. 



Ik the opportunity for doing what is right is not taken in the 
lav. the morrjw for doins it never comes. 



^i^ii^ct^ll 






J^ COB £nOXJ£'.E^. 



Willie and Cliarley, eight and ten, 
Were under the porch iii the noonday heal; 

I cuuld h'-aV and see the little men, 
Un-ioeii niyseir, in tlie winOow-seat. 

Will on a eol. -house, was hard at work, 
With a /.I'ul ihiit was funny cnuugh ti) me. 

At fi.ithl one ha.j luirdly learned to shirk; 
Tiiat comes hitesl, as 3"ou will see. 

For Chnrh^y hy virtue of riper age, 

Did instiling but stand and criticise; 
His hands in his pockets, stage b^" stage, 

ITe watclicd the wavering castle rise. 

"And now, after all your fuss," says he, 
"S'liosing iisliouM tumble down again?" 

"Oh!" Will answers, a-s cool as could be, 
"Or course J. should build it better then." 

Chiu'ley >liook sagely his curly dead. 

Opened his eyes of dancing brown, 
And then, for a tiinil poser, said, 

"But s'posing it always kept tumbling down." 

AVill, however, was not of the stuft' 

At a los to be taken so; 
"Why, then," he answered ready enough, 

"I should koep on building it better, you know." 

And seeing the wild world's hardest Icnot 

Cut at a strcd<e of such simple skill, 
Older )ieo))le than Charley, I thought 

3Iight learn a lesson from Muster Will. 



E isr I C3- :vx j^ 



BY ELLE.V r. MADSKN. 



I A\t composed of 19 letters: 

My 12, -t, 8, 9, 10, 11 is what we learn to do at school; 

My 9, 7, 15, 0, 10 is used in Utah; 

My 10, 7, 0, 9, 10, 3 is a name we all love; 

My 10, 7, 1'), 19, 10 is detested by farmers; 

My 19, G, 1:3, 11, 10 is very disagreeable to sailors; 

My 10, 18, .5, 4, 1 is a source of pleasure to the retined; 

My 5, 14, 15, 10, 17, 10, 3 is essential to life and health; 

My whole is the name of a famous navigator. 



TitF, little spring in the mountain rock becomes a brook, a 
torrent, a wide- rolling river, and part of the far homeless ocean, 
simply by pushing steadily and bravely forward. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANN jN, EOITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

,^&-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"iiDiTOR Juvenile Instkuutor. " 




