
irinuss U t\t iTnrir! 





VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1873. 



NO. 10. 



A JAPANESE IDOL, 




YOU have all heard of Japan, and most of you know that it 
is a neighboring country to China. The people of Europe 
and [America have long regarded the people of those distant 
Eastern lands as their inferiors and classed them among the 
semi-civilized inhabitants of 
the world; and those of the 
East have returned the 
compliment, by calling the 
Europeans and Americans 
"Western barbarians." 
These ideas of each other, 
some of them perhaps cor- 
rect were no doubt the 
result in part of the great 
difference between them in 
language, religion and man- 
ners, and partly of misun- 
derstanding and prejudice, 
and on the better acquaint- 
ance of late years each has 
most likely seen reason to 
change or modify the views 
long entertained and to 
think better of the other. 

For centuries the people 
of the West endeavored to 
open up trade and com- 
merce with China, Japan 
and other nations of the 
East; but the latter re- 
pulsed every attempt of the 
kind, and showed by their 
whole course that they 
wished to be let alone, and 
to have nothing to do with 
those who were so anxious 
to make their acquaintance; 
and it is only within the 
last few years that the 
merchants and traders of 
Europe and America have 
been permitted to do Im^i- 
ncas with and live: in China 
and Japan, and in both 

countries the privilege to do BO had to be forced by th 
and naval power oi England, Franco and America. 

But our intention in this short article is to tell you something 




military 



about the celebrated Japanese idol, the likeness of which you 
see in the accompanying engraving. We have already spoken 
of the differences between the Eastern and Western nations. 
One of the most striking of them is their religion. Nearly all 

the nations of Europe and 
America believe in Jesus 
Christ and the Christian 
religion; none of the nations 
of the East believe iu 
either of them. Their sys- 
tems of religion are numer- 
ous, and some of them 
enjoin it as a duty upon 
their believers to lead good 
and pure lives. But mixed 
with the good they have a 
vast amount of superstition 
and folly. Most of the na- 
tives of those lands worship 
idols of various kinds, and 
notwithstanding the high 
degree of intelligence and 
skill possessed by both the 
Chinese and Japanese, idol 
worship prevails among 
both. 

One of the largest and 
most populous cities in 
Japan is named Y'edo. A 
few miles from Ycdo is the 
site of a once famous city 
called Kamakura, all that 
remains of it now being a 
number of temples in which 
various trophies taken by 
the Japanese in their wars 
at different times, are pre- 
served. No foreigners are 
permitted to enter these 
temples, and a few years 
ago they were not allowed 
to visit the neighborhood 
in which they stand. Now, 
however, they are permitted 
to visit the locality and to view the outside of the temples. 
Not far from these temples in a grove of bamboos Btands the 
image represented by our engraving. It is considered by 



^ 

jM 



'A 




J TJ "V IE 1ST I I_. B I1TSTBUCTOB 




foreigners one of the greatest curiosities in Japan, and is called 
the statue of Daiboots or the Great Budha. Budha was the 
name of a great religious reformer who lived, nobody knows 
when, in India, and whose religion is now the principal one 
believed in uiauy Eastern countries. This image was erected 
iu Japan in honor of this person. It is of the finest bronze, 
and executed with wonderful skill. It is so large that it con- 
tains a chapel and altar inside of it, and a full-grown man can 
sit inside of its nose ! Its hight is about sixty-five feet, and its 
diameter thirty feet. It was made about six hundred years 
ago, and the lofty temple which inclosed it has long sioco dis- 
appeared, and for centuries this statue has been exposed to the 
storms which come iu from the neighboring sea; but it is as 
fresh and uninjured as when first erected. It was once sur- 
rounded by the teeming population of a splendid capital; but 
now the only person in the neighborhood is a priest, who lives 
in a small dwelling in one corner of the garden, and the site of 
the magnificent city is now a fertile field. 

Great changes have taken place iu Japan since the country 
was opened to Americans and Europeans, and the Japanese, 
more than any other Eastern nation, are disposed to adopt the 
improvements of the West. They want railroads and tele- 
graphs, aud have even talked recontly of introducing the 
Christian religion, and making it the religion of the empire. 
The government and rulers of Japan are liberal, and they have 
scut their ambassadors to this country and the principal nations 
i if Europe for the purpose of gaining aud taking back to their 
native land knowledge iu the art of government, and everything 
good in science and art which they do not at present possess. 

Such a sudden change in the disposition of the government, 
rulers and people there is most remarkable, and now that trade 
and commerce between them and the nations of the West are 
fully and fairly established, it is not too much to expect that 
West'-™ customs and the Christian religion will iu a few years 
gain such a foothold in Japan that the folly of idol worship will 
be entirely unknown amongst its highly intelligent people. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



Sttmisltfu o! €omttum $luun$. 



H IE A. T.-IN" O. 4. 




rpHERE hi- been much inquiry in Englaud lately about 
X cheap materials for lighting and heating purpose?. Several 
aueouuts have been published recently in the Deseret Aews 
reap ding sonic ol these, among others, "water gas" and 
"atmospheric air gas." It has long been known that light 
and heat can be produicd from water, especially; patents were 
procured lor making wan r gas as (arly a- 1830, but the process 
has been an cxpeosivc one. It now appears that it can be 
pro luced al such a cheap rate as to bid fair to do away with the 
distillation ol coal tor gas making. The other mode of procur- 
ing gas "by charging atmospheric air with carbonaceous mat- 
ter" appears to be more w mdi rful because we have not been 
informed how it can be done. No doubt the time will come 
when the simplest elements will be used for the Bervi le of man 
i i i more direct way than they are now, by reason of the 
- IP riur kno\vl< dg<- to whii-li man will attain. For, we now use 

the atmosphere aud uarbonae i^ matter, as well a- the hydrogen 

I from the water of the atmosphore to produce lighl and 
h it, Ian the roots of vegetables make the extracts lor ns and 
pump thorn up into the trees to be chemically prepared for 
combustion by solar heat. All the coals of our world were 
made fro:n 1 1 1 • ■ atuio.-phi-ro, for tiny were all vegetable matter 



of some kind or other; and, all the inflammable oils are of 
vegetable origin, ultimately, for animals derive their iuflamma- 
able elements from vegetables either directly or indirectly. 

Coal gas is made by the distillation of coal. If we take a 
small pipe or bottle aud fill it with coal aud lute a tube into it 
with clay, on applying sufficient heat to the containing vessel 
the gaseous part of the coal will be driven off and burnt at the 
orifice as it escapes, or, if proper means are taken, it may bo 
collected and preserved for use. Not that gas so made would 
be fit for use, it would be very far from illuminating aud i f 
very offensive odor. Again, much would depend upon the 
coal itself. In the manufacture of gas cast iron tubes called 
retorts are used for containing the coal to bo distilled or 
decomposed; they are several feet in leugth and are built into 
the furnace so as to be exposed to the action of the fire. The 
process of distillation begins by shovelling the coal into the 
glowing retorts in such a manner as to spread the coal regularly, 
when the lid is immediately screwed on so as to prevent the 
gas escapiug. The process takes some hours, according to the 
nature of the coal. When the gas has passed off the lid is 
unscrewed and the glowing coke is removed in iron barrows 
and the retort is re-charged as quickly as possible. Sometimes 
this red hot coke is used in the furnace to save the loss of heat 
that would result from cooling. As the gas separates from the 
coal it is passed off to be condensed and afterwards purified; 
for the gas at first contains many ingredients that arc useless 
and even detrimental. 

In the manufacture of gas by the common methods there is 
great outlay, especially iu using coal, although many cheaper 
substances arc used. But, if water is made to give up its 
hydrogen readily and to receive carbon in the same proportion 
that it is found in the best illuminatiug gas, if this can be done 
cheaply it will be a great boon to mankiud. Hydrogen may be 
separated from oxygen by passing the steam of water through 
a red hot gun barrel. It appears that iron scraps are to be 
used in the new process, and red hot coke; the advantage of 
using the coke is that some of the carbon will combine with 
hydrogen aud form a carburet of hydrogen, an inflammable 
gas. 

We shall soon have our beautiful city illuminated with gas. 
Gasworks are being erected, pipes being laid, our stores will be 
very brilliant indeed. There will be less danger of lire than at 
present; as to explosions that we hear of by using the volatile 
oils, they will be at an cud, as gas is easily controlled. The only 
danger is in letting it escape so as to mix with the atmosphere, 
it may then become explosive. But the offensive odor of escap- 
ing gas leads to its det ction, and those who are acquainted with 
its qualities would never take a light into a room "when the gas 
smells." No doubt we shall have a description of our City 
Gasworks some day; we have reason to bo proud of our 
advancement iu the useful arts; gas is one of the evidences of 
high civilization. Beth. 



H T S T O JEl, "X" O IF 

CHURCH. 
[Continued.) 



THE 



IT was rather remarkable that the Saints got along so well 
during the Winter following their expulsion from Nauvoo 
iu their temporary and hastily built town ol Winter Quarters 
and the various camps in that western country where they 
located I" await the opening of Spring, when they expected 
to renew their .journey. When we consider the destitute 
condition in which their enemies left them after expelling them 
form their comfortable bonus and nourishing farms, at such an 
inclement season, to wander among strangers and seek out new 
homes in western wilds, when there was little or no work to be 



3k 

s3E9(r« 




JTJYBITILE INSTRUCTOR, 



75 





had at which to earn a livelihood, the wonder is that many of 
theui did not starve to death. In the fall of 1S4G, throughout 
Upper Missouri, wheat was worth eighteen and three-quarters to 
twenty-five cents, and corn from ten to twelve cents per bushel. 
In view of the increased demand likely to arise for grain through 
the necessities of the Saints, who would be obliged to purchase 
their supplies there, wheat was raised to from forty to fifty cents, 
and corn twenty to twenty-five cents per bushel. These do not 
seem very high prices here in this Territory, but it must 
be remembered that at that time money was exceedingly scarce 
in those parts and wages very low, so that ordinarily a person 
could buy as much in the provision line, such as wheat, potatoes, 
corn, pork, etc., for ten cents as can be bought here for one 
dollar. 

The same power which intervened for the preservation of the 
Saints by sending quails to feed them while they were encamp- 
ed on the banks of the Mississippi continued with them in 
their journeying westward and while they were encamped 
during the Winter, and they found joy and pleasure in what to 
all human appearance could afford them nothing but misery 
and suffering. 

President Young directed in the organization of the com- 
panies to start in the Spring and counseled them in the minutiae 
of outfitting, that they might journey without disorder or confu- 
sion. 

Oq the 14th of January, 1S47, President Young received at 
Winter Quarters the following revelation as the 

WORD AND WILL OF THE LORD, 

CONCERNING THE CAMP ,OP ISRAEL IN THEIR JOURNEYING 
TO THE WEST. 

" Let all the people of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- 
day Saints, and those who journey with them, be organized 
into compauies, with a covenant and promise to keep all the 
commandments and statutes of the Lord their God. Let the 
companies be organized with captains of hundreds, captains of 
fifties, and captains of tens, with a president and his two 
counselors at their head, under the direction of the Twelve 
Apostles; and this shall be their covenant — We will walk in 
all the ordinances of the Lord. 

"Let each company provide themselves with all the teams, 
wagons, provisions, clothing aud other necessaries for the 
journey, that they can. 

"When the companies are organized, let them go to with 
their might, to prepare for those who are to tarry. 

"Let each company with their captains aud presidents, 
decide how many can go nest Spring; then choose out a suffi- 
cient number of able bodied aud expert men, to take teams 
seeds, and farming utensils, to go as pioneers, to prepare for 
putting in Spring crops. 

"Let each company bear an equal proportion, according to 
the dividend of their property, in taking the poor, the widows, 
the fatherless, and the families of those who have gone into the 
army, that the cries of the widow and the fartherless come not 
up into the ears of the Lord against this people. 

"Let each company prepare houses, and fields for raising 
grain, for those who are to remain behind this season, and this 
is the will of the Lord concerning His people; let every man 
use all his influence and property to remove this people to the 
place where the Lord shall locate a Stake of Zion; aud if ye 
do this with a pure heart, in all faithfulness, ye shall be 
blessed, ye shall be blessed in your flocks, aud in your 
herds, and in your fields, aud in your houses, and in your 
families. 

"Let my servants Ezra T. Benson and Erastus Snow 
organize a company; and let my servants Orson Pratt and 
Wilford Woodruff organize a company; also let my servants 
Amasa Lyman and George A. Smith organize a company; and 
appoint presidents, and captains of hundreds, aud of fifties, and 



of tens : and let my servants that have been appointed go and 
teach this my will to the Saints, that they may be ready to go 
to a land of peace. 

Go your way and do as I have told you; and fear not your 
enemies, for they shall not have power to stop My work. 
Zion shall be redeemed in mine own due time, and if any man 
shall seek to build up himself, and seek not my counsel, he 
shall have no power, and his folly shall be made manifest. 
Seek ye and keep all your pledges one with another, and covet 
not that which is your brother's. 

'' Keep yourselves from evil. Take not the name of God in 
vain, for I am the Lord your God, even the God of your 
fathers, the God of Abraham and of Isaac, and of Jacob. I 
am He who led the children of Israel out of the laud of Egypt, 
and my arm is stretched out in the last days to save my people 
Israel. 

"Cease to contend one with another. Cease to speak evil 
one of another. Cease drunkenness, and let your words tend 
to edifying one auother. If you borrow of your neighbor 
you shall restore that which you have borrowed; and if you 
can not repay, then go straightway and tell your neighbor, lest 
he condemn you. 

"If you shall find that which your neighbor has lost, you 
shall make diligent search till you shall deliver it to him 
again. You shall be diligent in preserving what you have, 
that you may be wise stewards; for it is the free gift of 
the Lord your God, and you are His stewards. 

If you are merry, praise the Lord with singing, with music, 
with dancing, and with a prayer of praise and thanksgiving. 
If you are sorrowful, call on the Lord your God with supplica- 
tion, that your souls may be joyful. 

" Pear not your enemies, for they are in my hands, and I 
will do my pleasure with them. My people must be tried in 
all things, that they may be prepared to receive the glory that 
I have for them, even the glory of Zion, and he that will not 
bear chastisement, is uot worthy of my kingdom. 

"Let him that is ignorant learn wisdom by humbling him- 
self and calling upon the Lord his God, that his eyes may be 
opened that he may see, and his ears be opened that he may 
hear, for my Spirit is sent forth into the world to eulighteu 
the humble aud contrite, and to the condemnation of the 
ungodly. 

" Your brethren have rejected you and your testimony, even 
the nation that has driven you out; and now cometh the day of 
their calamity, even the days of sorrow like a woman that is 
taken in travail; and their sorrow shall be great, unless they 
speedily repent; yea, very speedily ! for they killed the Pro- 
phets and them that were sent unto them, aud they have shed 
innoceut blood, which crieth from the ground against them. 
Therefore marvel not at these things, for ye are not yet pure; 
ye can not yet bear my glory, but ye shall behold it, if 
ye are faithful in keeping all my words that I have given you 
from the days of Adam to Abraham; from Abraham to Moses; 
from Moses to Jesus and the apostles, aud from Jesus and His 
apostles to Joseph Smith, whom I did call upon by mine 
angels, my ministering servants aud by mine owu voice out of 
the heavens, to briug forth my work; which foundation he did 
lay, and was faithful, aud I took him to myself. Many have 
marvclied because of his death, but it was needful that he 
should seal his testimony with his blood, that he might be 
honored, and the wicked might be condemned. 

" Have I not delivered you from your enemies, only in that 
I have left a witness of my name ? Now, therefore, hearken, 
ye, people of my Church, and ye Elders, listen together; yo 
have received my kiugdom, be diligent in keeping all my com- 
mandments, lest judgment como upon you, and your faith fail 
you, and your enemies triumph over you. 

"So no more at present, Amen and Amen." 
(To be continued.) 





76 



JTJYEITILE IUSTRTJCTOB 




%ij Sitftsttlte iusfcacfotu 



f 



CEORCE Q. CANNON • - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1873. 
EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





PIE subject for comment in the column 
devoted to "Editorial Thoughts" iu this 
uumber is of a very commonplace char- 
acter, but it is nevertheless of some im- 
portance, as we shall try to show to our 
readers. What do you think it is? You 
might guess a great many things before you 
guessed the right one. It is the gathering, 
cleansing and preservation of rags. That 
omething new to most of you, no doubt, for 
t children born iu Utah have yet to learn 
every piece of cotton cloth, however small, 
however tattered and worthless it may seem, 
ally worth taking care of. II you had beeu 
and raised in England, Scotland, Wales, 
Scandinavia or auy of those old countries on the other 
side of the Atlantic you would know that gathering 
aud selling rags, or "rag picking" as it is called iu 
some places, is a business by which many people obtain 

a livclili J. It is true that it is not numbered among the 

respectable callings, and persons who follow it are generally the 
poorest of the poor and are considered the lowest of the low. 
But it is not the gathering and Belling of rags which make them 
so, for there is nothing in the nature of the business itself 
degrading, and by the time we get through you will see that it 
is really very useful. Before going further, we will say that 
we have not the least desire to see any of our young friends 
become rag pickers in order to procure a living. They have no- 
need to do that, but they can do some good fur themselves and 
fur tin; whole community if they will carefully read this article, 
and do as they are therein desired. 

At the late General Conference, and again at the two days' 
meetings held in this city on the 3d and 1th of this month, 
I'r -ident Young enjoined it, as a special duty, upon the ladies 
■ f tie- l; ii 1 Societies throughout the Territory to see that the 
rags in the various settlements were taken care of. Mothers 
were also desired to teach their children, to pick up and pre- 
serve the rags instead of destroying them. .Most of you have 
no doubt, many a time, seen pieces of old, worn-out cotton 
cloth lying about your door yards, and you have left them there, 
thinking that they were of no earthly use. II you have done 
this in tin- past, do not do it hereafter. Be careful to pick 
every such piece up, and if your mothers do not call your 
attention to tin- subject, you be sure and call theirs to it, aud 
have them find a sack, or provide some place to put them in. 
Aud when you have gathered up live, ten or twenty pounds, 
have them washed, and sell them, and they will bring you a 
dollar to buy a book, or some other useful thing you need, 
when perhaps you would not find it easy to get the dollar any 
other way. This will be DO trouble at all, and it will be 
much better to do this than to let the rags be wasted, by being 
thrown out among the rubbish, for there they do not good 
in the world. From this time on we expect that the stores in 
every settlement in the Territory will buy all the clean rags 
that are offered for sale. 

The reason why this matter is urged upon the women and 
children in the Territory is that these rags may be made into 



paper. If you give the subject a moment's thought you will 
understand that many tons of paper are used every day for 
newspapers, books, wrapping paper and other purposes. 
Paper is one of the most important articles of commerce, and 
thousands of persons get a living by making it. Most of this 
paper is made of rags. Now, how do you think this could be 
obtained if the people everywhere were as careless about saving 
their rags as they are in Utah? It could not be. But people 
everywhere can not afford to be as careless about it as we are, 
they are not so blind to their own interests as some of us are. 
Paper must be had, and rags must be had to make it, and as 
we have already told you, scores of people in the old countries 
get a living by gathering and selliug them to those who make 
paper. 

The paper used every year in this Territory for various pur- 
poses costs a great many thousauds of dollars. Most of it is 
bought in outside markets, and, of course, the money to pur- 
chase it has to be sent out of the Territory. There is no need 
f< >r this, for we have a very good paper mill in Sugar House 
Ward, about three miles from this city, and it is large enough 
to make nearly all the paper required for all uses in the Terri- 
tory, aud can make it of good enough quality. Some of you 
may say, "Well, if this is so, why is so much money sent out 
of the Territory every year to buy it?" That is the very point 
we are coming to — the reason is that rags enough to keep the 
mill going can not be obtained, aud that is why, you can now 
see, the new duty laid upon the ladies and children of the 
Territory — very trifling in itself— is of so much real import- 
ance. 

If you will be uuited in paying attention to this matter many 
thousands of pounds of rags now wasted each year can be sold 
for an amount which will pay those who gather and sell them 
for their trouble. Of these rags paper can be made; this work 
will furnish constant employment to a number of people, and 
will prevent a large amount of money leaving the Territory 
each year; aud thus you see that the simple matter of saving 
the rags, a labor resting wholly upon the mothers and children 
of the various cities and settlements, will do quite a part iu 
adding to the general prosperity of the people, and advance 
them a step further towards being self-sustaining and inde- 
pendent. 



" A BOY'S Voyage Bound the World" commences in 
J\_ to-day's number, and will, we have no -doubt, be found 
very interesting to our readers. It is a narration, written by a 
resident of this Territory, of his own early history, every item 
of which is true. Our hero, iu his boyish days, was fond of 
reading, aud he gratitied this taste by perusing accounts of 
wonderful travels, voyages and adventures both by sea aud 
land. Boylike be believed most of what he read, and being of 
an inquiring mind and venturesome disposition he determined to 
go and see for himself, aud, as he tells you in his opening chap- 
ter, be embarked in a whaler. But his experience of sea- faring 
lite was very different to his anticipations, and before he again 
saw tin: friends and home, which, in the inexperience of boy- 
hood, he valued so lightly, he passed through many hardships 
and perils, and gained a useful though dear-bought experience, 
the narration of which will, we believe, furnish you with 
amusement, and with lessons from which you may draw lasting 
profit and benefit if you are disposed to listen to and follow 
good counsel. 



C0NTBJBDTION8 of original poetry suitable for the forth- 
coming Mammoth Sabbath School Concert, are respectfully 
solicited. They should be forwarded without delay to 

UicoiiUK Q. Canno.v. 
Salt Lake City. 




, 




-J- 









JTJYEITILE INSTRUCTOR. 
T HI IE EAGLE A N" D T BZ B BABY. 




FAR away in the Highlands of Scotland, up among the great 
heath-covered hills, a shepherd had built a rough little 
cottage. He had a wife, and two children — one named Nancy, 
about eight years old; the other a little baby only two months 
old. Nancy often took care of her little brother while her 
mother went to a village about three miles away to buy tea 
aad-sxrgar; but generally speaking, the baby went with her. 
One day she had 



her mother, getting so much amused by her play that she quite 
forgot how quickly the time passed, or that she had left her 
baby brother so long; indeed, I am afraid she forgot all about 
him untO she heard a loud scream, and, knowing it to be her 
mother's voice, she ran out of the cottage quite frightened and 
ashamed. The first thing she saw was the eagle, just rising 
from the cradle, and holding her poor little brother fast in its 

great claws; and 





so much shopping 
to do, and would 
have so many 
parcels to briug 
home, that she 
made up her mind 
not to take him; 
so she lifted the 
cradle into a nice 
sunny place out- 
side the cottage, 
and telling Nancy 
not to leave him 
for a single min- 
ute, she set off 
with her basket. 

Nancy was very 
proud of being 
trusted with the 
care of her little 
brother, and be- 
gan singing the 
way she heard 
her mother do; 
so baby awoke, 
and seeing Nancy, 
laughed, and kick- 
ed his fat legs, un- 
til, growing tired, 
he went to sleep 
again. 

Nancy tucked 
in the little blan- 
Jcets over his feet, 
and, thinking she 
would like to walk 
about a little, got 
up, and began to 
look about her. 

Now, the cot- 
tage was, as I 
said, in a very 
lonely place, and 
not far off were 
great cliffs, where 
ravens and eagles 
built their nests; 
and these eagles 
were very large 
and fierce, often 
carrying off young 
lambs to feed 

their young ones. Nancy saw one flying slowly round in great 
circles as they do when looking out for something to pounce 
upon and carry away. She watched the great bird for a good 
while, wondering if it was going to steal any of her father's 
lambs; and then, getting tired of that, and feeling hungry, she 
went into the cottage to get some bread. There she saw her 
mother's cap; so she put it on, and began pretending she waa 



there was her 
mother rushing up 
the hill, scream- 
ing to frighten 
the bird. 

Of course Nancy 
began to scream 
too; but the eagle 
did not drop the 
baby; he only rose 
higher and high- 
er, wheeling round 
and round, until, 
getting very far 
up in the air, he 
flew straight away 
in the direction of 
the cliffs, where 
his nest was and 
where his hungry 
little ones were 
waiting for their 
dinner. 

The poor moth- 
er kept running 
on, with her eyes 
fixed upon the 
eagle, thinking 
only of her poor 
little baby. 

As she was 
running up the 
hill, she met a 
party of gentle- 
men shooting, 
and, thinking they 
could help her, 
she told them 
what had happen- 
ed. They were 
all very sorry for 
her, but did not 
think they could 
do anything, until 
one of them said 
he would try to 
get at the nest if 
they would get 
ropes; so while 
some ran to the 
nearest house for 
ropes, the others 
went to the top of the cliffs, where, looking over, they could see 
two eagles hovering about; and, as neither of them had the 
baby in its claws, they guessed that it was laid in the nest, and 
would, perhaps, be safe. 

Still nothing could be certain. And when the ropes arrived, 
and the young ki-rd made them tie him firmly to one, and began 

t< FR©M 0, !'Hfe e l3'BR9^R.¥ "^ffr fcfa-ft? enc ' s tr ' e< * narc ' t0 
DESERET SUNDAY,, SCHOOL UNION BOARD 
5 NORT H M AIN STREE'i 







SALT LAKE CITY I, UTAH 




TTT'VIEILTII-.IE IITSTH/UOTOR. 




prevent him, telling him lie would be sure to be killed; but be 
looked at the poor weeping mother, and thought of his own 
dear mother who was dead; and then, saying to himself, 
"Almighty God, help me to save the poor woman's baby," 
he went boldly down, holding on by bits of grass or bracken, 
and resting upon the rope. At last he reached a ledge, and 
sat down to take a little rest. The eagles came sweeping past, 
screaming angrily at him, and once or twice nearly striking 
him with their great strong wings. Looking over the ledge on 
which he sat, he could see the eagles' nest, a long way below, 
and in it lay the dear little baby, wide awake, and playing with 
the young eagles. When he saw this he gave a great shout, to 
tell the mother that he saw the baby, and then he began to 
descend the cliff again. 

When he reached the nest he took up the baby, and tying it 
round him with a plaid, he gave the signal to pull up. But if 
coming down was difficult, going up with the baby was far 
more so; and when he got within a few yards of the top, he 
fainted, and was pulled up more dead than alive. You may 
believe how delighted the poor mother was, and how proud all 
the people were of their brave young laird, who risked his life 
for the shepherd's baby. 



.A. BOY'S VOYAGE K>OTJ2sTID 
THE WOZE^LID. 



'•117 ANTED; Two Hundred Young Men to go Whaling, Good 
at No. (i Walnut Street, Upstairs. 



This commonplace advertisement, issued during the Summer 
of 1850 in several of the Philadelphia papers, was the long- 
wished for key to open the door for the realization of my boyish 
and romantic dreams. Inheriting the Anglo-Saxon love and 
desire for adventure and travel, I daily added fuel to the flame 
by reading books describing real and fictitious countries and 
peoples, far away; and, unknown to kind relatives and friends, 
whose advice was disregarded, 1 turned my back on a comfort- 
able and happy home, and started forth into the world to battle 
for myself at the age of sixteen, with little wisdom, less 
experience and still less capital, all I possessed of the latter 
being a clean shirt and seventy-five cents. With a head giddy 
with the glories of a Crusoe life, and a heart burning to 
emulate the naval heroes of our country, I lost no time in 
thought or speculation before I presented myself at the ship- 
ping office — a dingy little room in Walnut Street, whose only 
occupant was a stiffly starched and barbered clerk. He 
inquired my busiucss, and finding a little lying necessary I 
manufactured a small dose of that article for the gentleman, 
who swallowed it all as though he believed it to be gospel 
truth, but from my after experience I am inclined to believe 
that he knew it to be an ingeniously arranged lie. However, 
he shipped me, telling me to come to the office the next morn- 
ing, and he would seud me to New Bedford. 

The next morniug, bright and early, I was on band, and not 
long after I was joined by two young men one a blacksmith, 
whose name I have forgotten, the other a lad from Heading, 
Pennsylvania, named Harry P . We soon became acquaint- 
ed, and expecting to go on the same ship, boy-like, began to 
-peculate and surmise as to the sailing qualities of the vessel, 
the character and disposition of the captain, number of the 
crew and what kind of fellows they would prove to be; how 
long it would be before the old skipper would make us go aloft 
(the very idea of that made me shudder), how many thousand 
dollars we would make, and how we would make all our former 
acquaintances open their eyes when we returned home in our 
bluejackets and short pants, spinning long vans of storm and 








wreck, and telling of beautiful lands we had visited many 
leagues away from horns. 

But all the time, nervous and anxious, we looked for the 
starched and barbered clerk, who was so long coming that we 
began to think he had repented shipping us. He was so kind 
and polite the day before, and seemed to be conferring such a 
great favor on us when he took our names. However, when 
our patience was almost exhausted, the gentleman joined us. 
Hurrying us to the boat about crossing to Camden, purchasing 
tickets, and, when landed in the depot, seeing us safely in the 
cars (2d class), was the work of a few minutes, and it was all 
done with so much politeness and address that in our grateful 
hearts we would have voted him a testimonial in some shape 
if we had had the time and — and a — couple of the whales 
we intended to capture. Even when in th ecars he was loth 
to leave us until the train was ready to start, filling up the time 
by delivering to us a short address, in his kind and polite way, 
the sum and substance of which was, that in consideration of 
his unusual kindness and condescension in permitting us to go 
on this magnificent pleasure excursion (a whaling voyage), all 
he required of us was not to leave the cars until we arrived in 

New York, where a gentleman, sent by Mr. H ■ would meet 

us, and to whom I was to deliver a letter, which he there and 
then handed to me. The engine bell brought the addrsss to a 
close somewhat suddenly, and the starting train warned the 
clerk to bid us a hasty good-by, or possibly he would have had 
the opportunity of delivering his own letter. However he left, 
and that was the last time I ever saw that starched stick of 
pomade. 

But it was only to fall in with or into the hands of another 
shipping clerk, if possible more heavily starched and more 
heavily barbered than the former. He was the very quint- 
essence of politeness. On our arrival at New York he shook 
my hand with the warm, hearty shake of an old friend, and 
politely asked for the letter. I was puzzled to understand how 
he knew that I had a letter for hini; but on receiving and read- 
ing it, he again shook hands with us, and conducted us up the 
wharf, politely inquiring as to the condition of our appetites, 
aud congratulating us on our safe arrival, condoling with us on 
the monotony of ouv journey, describing the luxuries awaiting 
us, the good dinner in store, and the enjoyment of a good rest. I 
could hardly make myself believe that this kind gentleman had 
not engaged rooms at the Astor House for us. He never let 
an opportunity pass of slipping in a few words of advice, and 
all he required of us for all his kindness was that we would 
promise to do all he asked of us without grumbling, to keep 
near him in the crowded streets to prevent losing ourselves, 

and always to remember that the Messrs. H & C were 

doing us a very, very great kindness, and that he (the clerk) 

wished the said H & C to see all their generosity was 

not thrown away upon us after their kind bestowal, and that 
submissive and accommodating conduct on our part would soon 
gain us a still loftier place in the affections of those worthy 
gentlemen, and that, in fact, it would be the making of us. 
Reversing the mirror he told us that by acting contrary to the 
will of the firm they might get angry (for the polite clerk 
admitted they did get anpry sometimes) and not take us on the 
delightful pleasure trip after all, for they had he did not know 
how many thousand young men to pick from, all of whom were 
anxious to go, and their fathers and mothers would give them 
an outfit into the bargain and pay money besides. 

Puring all his harangue we kept pushing along through the 
streets at no slow pace towards the eastern part of the city, 

where we had been informed the Messrs. H & C 's 

shipping office was situated. What kind of a place this office 
would prove to be I had scarcely yet formed in my mind with 
the excitement of my journey, the crowded city and the jabber- 
ing clerk, but 1 had vaguely concluded to be ushered into a 
tremendous large room beautifully fitted up with rows of tar- 





-JTJ^TEIsriljE! INSTRUCTOR. 




paulin hats and blue jackets hanging on pegs along the walls of 

the room which the benevolent H & C handed to each 

individual going on the pleasure excursion, with a stroDg 
repetition of the clerk's lecture. Indeed I thought we but 
entered one door green landsmen to walk out of another regular 
Jack-tars, in dress if not in reality. You can imagine my sur- 
prise however whefl our conductor halted us before a rickety 
old wooden stairway running up the outside of an old rattle-box 
of a building, the lower story occupied as a corner grocery and 
rum mill, the second story as a shipping office, the third Heaven 
knows what. Crawling between barrels of potatoes, charcoal 
and onions, up the dirty tottering steps we were ushered into 
the office, the floor slimy with tobacco juice, the air stinking 
with smoke, salt fish, onions and rum, and so thick that the 
noon-day sun scarcely illumiuated the apartment sufficiently to 
make objects recognizable. After registering our names or 
rather telling them to a tall clerk sitting on a tall stool perched 
behind a greasy railing (who I plainly saw took our size as he 
took our names) peering over his greasy shirt collar, he opened 
his greasy-looking mouth, telling us to "Set down and make 
ourselves at home." 

(To he continued.) 



VOLCANIC ERTJPTIOIT 
IUST ICBLAHD. 




TIIHE islaud of Iceland, as most of you no doubt know, is one 
J_ of the most singular countries in the world. It lies between 
the North Atlantic and Arctic oceans, a hundred and thirty miles 
from the coast of Greenland. It is very barren and sterile, 
containing very many mountains eternally covered with snow, 
from the sides of which tremendous glaciers, orice-fields 
descend. Notwithstanding these ice-fields and snow-covered 
mountains this cold and sterile region has the most famous 
geysers, or boiling springs in the world. The water in the 
principal of these thermal (hot) springs, called the Great 
Geyser, at a depth of sevtnty-two feet is thirty degrees hotter 
than boiling water. Besides these boiling springs Iceland has 
a large number of volcanoes, or burning mountains, and is 
famous for containing Hecla, one of the three principal burning 
mountains of the world. There are kuown to be thirty of 
these volcanoes in Iceland, and strange as it may seem to you, 
they are in the same psrts of the island as the ice-fields. 

In the early part of the present year — io January last — there 
was a grand eruption of one of these volcanoes called Skaptar 
Jokull. It is in an immense ice-field in the south-eastern part 
of the island, and the display of fire was so brilliant that it 
was seen very clearly at Reykjavik, the capital city of Iceland, 
at a distance of a hundred and fifty miles. A gentleman living 
at that city, sent the following account of this display of natural 
fireworks to a London paper : 

"Reykjavik, March 23, 1*73. 
"On Thursday, the !)th January, about three o'clock a.m. 
we observed from Reykjavik a grand fire in east-northeast 
direction, and all agreed that it was some neighboring farm 
burning, with haystacks. The fire shot up like lightning, 
displaying beautiful evolutions in combination with the electri- 
city above. Indeed, it was exactly like a fine display of rockets 
and wheels, and, so bright was it that during the dark morniug 
hours we all thought it must be very close to Reykjavik; but 
when daylight dawned, and wc could discern the mountains, 
we observed a thick and heavy column of vapor or steam far in 
the background beyond all mountains visible; so it was clear 
that it was far off, and, according to the direction, it seemed 
most likely to be in Skaptar Jokull, the west part of Vaktna 
Jokull, the great Wetstc of glaciers, in the east and south of the 
island, and more than one hundred miles due east. Morning 



and night, this grand display was visible during the nights of 
the 9th, 10th, 11th and 12th; during that day the column of 
steam and smoke stood high in the sky. Ashes, too, had fallen 
on the northeast coast, so that pasture fields were covered so 
far that the farmers had to take their sheep into the huts and 
feed them; but the papers say in the south no earthquakes 
were felt or noises heard in the earth, far or near. Nowheic 
has been observed any fall of ashes or dust, but everywhere a 
bad smell was noticed, and also here, in Reykjavik; in the 
forenoon of the 10th, the people of Landeyzar (opposite 
Wesmann Island) assert the same to have been the case there 
on the first day of the eruption; but here, at Reykjavik, it was 
not observed that day, but we felt the air very close, particularly 
on the 9th, from three to five o'clock in the afternoon, with 
some smell of sulphur and powder, very like the smell from a 
lately discharged gun barrel. 

"No change was observed in the sun, moon, etc. The sky 
was clear all these days. This eruption lasted only four or five 
days, and is not likely to have done any damage to inhabited 
parts or pasture ground, except in so far as the fall of ashes 
might hurt the sheep." 



QUESTIOITS AUSTID AN- 
SWERS OUST TTIIE 

BIBLE. 



CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 
(Continued.) 



/Subject — History of Joseph. 

LESSON XXIII. 

Q. — Where did Jacob dwell ? 

A. — In the land of Canaan. 

Q. — Who was the eldest son of Rachel ? 

A. — Joseph. 

Q. — How old was Joseph when feeding the flock with his brethren? 

A. — Seventeen. 

Q. — Why did Israel love Joseph more than all his children ? 

A. — Because he wa6 the son of his old age. 

Q. — What did Joseph's father make for him ? 

A. — A coat of many colors. 

Q. — When Joseph's brethren saw these thing", how did they feel? 

A. — They hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto hitn. 

Q. — What occurred to Joseph that caused his brethren to hate him 
yet the more? 

A. — He had dreams. 

Q. — What was the. interpretation of those dreams ? 

A. — That his father and mother and his brethren should bow down 
to him. 

Q. — How did Joseph's brethren feel about the dreams ? 

A. — They envied him. 

Q.— What did his father do ? 

A. — He observed the saying. 

Q. — What was Joseph told to do ? 

A. — To see whether it was well with his brethren and well with the 
Hocks. 

Q. — When Joseph's brethren saw him coming, what did they say 
ono to another ? 

A. — "Behold this dreamer Cometh, come now therefore and let us 
slay him, and cast him into some pit, and we will say, some evil 
beast hath devoured him, and we shall see what will become of his 
dreams." 

LESSON XXIV. 

Q. — Who was it that prevented Joseph from being slain V 

A. — Ken lien. 

CJ. — When Joseph came up Io his brethren what did they do to 
him V 

A.— They stripped him out of his'coat of ma.iy colors and cast 
him into a pit. 

Q. — As the brcthicn of Joseph sat down to cat bread what did they 
behold ? 

A. — A company of Ishmaeliles with their camels. 





80 



J IT "V IE 1ST I L B I1TSTRUOTOR. 




Q. — Who recommended Joseph to be sold instead of slaying him? 

A. — Judah. 

Q. — Row much was Joseph sold to the Ishmaelitcs for ? 

A. — Twenty pieces of silver. 

Q — Where did they take Joseph ? 

A. — To Egypt. 

Q. — What did Reuben do, when he returned and could not find 
Joseph in the pit r 

A. — He rent his clothes. 

Q. — What did Joseph's brethren do with his coat of many colors ? 

A. — They killed a kid of the goats, and dipped the coat in the 
blood. 

Q.— Whom did they take the coat to after this ? 

A. — Their father. 

Q.— What did he say ? 

A. — That some evil beast had devoured Joseph. 

Q. — Who tried to comfort him ? 

A. — All his sons and all his daughters. 

(To he continued.) 



saatebs oist tihiie boos: 

OB ILvdZOBZMZOHST. 



CATECIIIS M 



FOR SUNDAY 
(Continued.) 



SCHOOLS. 



<tV 



LESSON XXIII. 

y. — Could the people of Mosiah understand the language of the 
people of Zarahcmla ! 

A. — No, they could not. 

y.— What did Mosiah do after he arrived at Zarahcmla ? 

A. — Ileeauscd the people to be taught in hi6 language. 

y.— What followed f 

A. — Zarahcmla gave a genealogy ol his fathers from memory. 

Q, — Did they uuite together? 

A.— Yes, and Mosiah was appointed king. 

Q. — What event is mentioned as having occurred in the days of 
Mosiah. 

A. — There was a large stone brought unto him with cngravii.gs 
upon it. 

y. — What did Mosiah do will) the stone? 

A. — nc interpreted the engravings by the power of God. 

y. — What was the natuie '>f the engravings '/ 

A. — They gave an account of one Corlantnmr and his people. 

y. — Who was Corlantnmr? 

A. — Me was one of the kings of the Jarcdltcs. 

y. — Who were the Jareditcs ? 

A. — A people who came to this country from the Tower of Babel. 

y. — Who discovered I • ■riantumr r 
■ A. — The people of Zarahemla. 

y. — How long did he live with them ? 

A. — Nine moons. 

y — Was he the last of his race ? 

A. — Yes, except the l'rophct Ether. 

y. — Who was king at the Umc that Amulck was horn ? 

A.— Mosiah. 

y. — Who reigned after him ? 

A.— Benjamin. 

LESSON ZX1T. 

Q.— Did the RephltM and Lani.initis dwell at peace after the 
Nrphltrs were Ind out by M">i lh ! 

A. — No-, Amalekl dcscrii>cs a serious »ar in the days of King 
Benjamin. 

(J.— Which obtained tbcadvanl > 

A.— Th. Nephitea. 

y. — What did Kin^ Benjamin do to them ? 

A.— He drove them on I ■■! the land "I Zarahcmla. 

Q.— To whom did Amalekl deliver the platei befori his death 1 

A.— Having no bod, he gave them up to King Benjamin. 

Q.— Were all thi pi ■[ I ol Nephl sallstied to remain In tin Ian l ol 
Zarahcmla? 

A —No-, a large nombcr started to return. 



T£ 



Q- 

A.- 

Q- 

A.- 
hemla 

Q-- 

A 

Q-- 

A 

Q— 

A. 

Q. 

A. 

Q-- 

A.— 



Did they reach the land of their first inheritance ? 

■No; they quarrelled in the wilderness. 

What was their fate? 

They were all slaiu except fifty, and they returned to Zara- 

Were they content to dwell in Zarabemla ? 

■No; they started ofl' again. 

What does Amaleki say about them ? 

He said he had not heard concerning them. 

Were there many dissensions in the days of King Benjamiu ? 

Yes; many went to the Lamanitcs. 

Were there false prophets in those days? 

Y'es; false prophets and false Chiists 

What kind of a man was King Benjamiu? 

A holy and righteous man. 

(To be continued.) 



:>*«•«?<: 



rigtttal jPadnjj, 



^roTJjsra- 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

I1VE ISSI02ST.A. BIES. 



LITTLE HOTS. 

For what, do you think, I intend to pay 

With the twenty-live ccutB that I earned to day ? 

I'll tell you what I am going to do, 

And all who desire can join me too. 

My money to President Young shall go — 

He's mankind's best earthly friend, I know — 

To aid what it will in gathering in 

From scenes of wretchedness, want and sin, 

To dwell in our Zion, so bless'd and free, 

The poo", poor Saints from over the sea. 

LITTLE GIRLS. 

I will bcihI with it the nickel I've got, 

That will make thirty cents; quite a good lot; 

Y'et, 'tis too little — wish I had more! 

Had I but thought of thus doiug before 

I might have not purchased the ribbons and rkig, 

And many another light valueless thing. 

I don't like to part with my shining half-dollar 

The kind teacher gave me when I proved the best scholar; 

But — well — yes— I will.' Far better 'tis true, 

Than kept in my box, where no good it can do. 

ALTOGETHER. 
We have shoes for our feet, we have hats for our heads, 
Nice comforts around us, good food and 6oft beds, 
Wc can work and lie paid for it, study and read, 
With dear friends to teach us whatever we need; 
While far, faraway from our Utah is found, 
With nothing to do but to wander around, 
I'oor women and children cast into the street, 
Barefooted and homeless, with nothing to eat ! 
Our Father hath granted us blessings of worth, 
And we'll do what we can for His poor on the earth. 

I.ULA. 



JTTJ-VBlSriBB IlTSTRUCTOIi 

Is pulj'inlied in Halt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CECRCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

TEH .11 S IN ADVANCE 
itmtjle Copy, per Annum |2 00. 

X37~ Grain brought to this City for the Juvenile Instructor will 
be received ut the office of our papei — Deseket News Buildings. 




