
VUL 4. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, OCTUBER 8, 18G9. 



NO. 21. 



f'jU 



im: O IT T 

"Mont Blanc is the monarch of mountaius; 

They crowned him long ago, 
On a tbroneof roclis, in a robe of cloud:j, 

With a diadcQi of snow." 

The Alps are the highest mountains of Europe; they are the 
backbone, as it were, of that continent. Switzerland owes the 
sublimity and diversified beauty of its scenery to the presence 
of these 
mountains. 
They run 
through 
the land, 
and occupy 
with their 
mountains, 
or minor 
spurs and 
o ff s e t s , 
nearly i t s 
whole sur- 
face. Swit- 
zerland is 
famous 
among all 
the coun- 
tries of the 
world for 
the grand- 
eur of its 
land scapes 
— w ood s, 
lakes, sil- 
very, wind- 
ing rivers, 
stupendous 
Tiiountaiiis, 
lovely val- 
leys and 

romantic cities and villages. The sc nory in our moun- 
tains is as magnificent in many resi)ects, as that to be found in 
any country; but Switzerland is a country which has been set- 
tled fioni time immemorial, and almost every spot in the whole 
land is famous in tradition or history, and pos.sesscs an interest 
thit, added to the beautiful scenery, contributes greatly to the 
charm of travel. The country ditfers from ours also in its com- 
pactness. Mountains, village.*, lakes, glaciers, snowfield.s, ava- 
anchos, rivers and watoifalls are all crowded into a small space; 



B Xj 7^ nsr G 




while our country is extensive, and everything is built on avast 
scale. 

The engraving, which we give our readers in this number, is 
called Mont Blanc, and those of them who do not know better 
might think that these people whom they see ascending the 
pathway were climbing this "monarch of mountains." But 
this is not so. It is Mont Blanc which you see in the distance, 

with its top 
towering to 
the clouds, 
and cover- 
ed with 
snow which 
glitters a s 
pure and 
unsullied 
as if it 1 ad 
just fallen. 
Til-re are 
many good 
poin ts cf 
view in 
Switzer- 
land from 
which the 
array of Al- 
pine peaks 
ex tend ing 
for more 
than 120 
miles, and 
comprising 
between 
-'U0und3(K) 
distinct 
s u 111 m its, 
capped 
with snow, 
or bristling with bare rocks, can bo seen. It was probably such 
a prospect that inspired those lines of Byron; 
"Above me are tlie Alfis, 
The palaces ot Naluie, whosii vrt^t walKi, 
}Iavo pinimcled in clouds their snowy scalps, 
And tlironed Eteriiily in ioy halls 
Of coM Kiililiouty, where loriiis and frtlls 
The Avaliiiichi) — Ihe lhuiid(!il>olt of snow! 
All that expands the sp'rif, yet appals, 
(iather around tlio sninmits, as to sliow 
How otrtli may soar to hcavoii, yot ieavo vain 
man below." 



i^ 



tJ 



V^-n 



41- 



^Ci 



I 



16S 



O-TJ^EItTILIIl inNTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



The ascent of Mont Blanc is atteuiptod bj' I'tw. The enter- 
prise is very dangerous; and it is only by the offer of high pay 
that guides can be found to encounter the risks of the ascent. 
It is a remariiable fact that a large proportion of those who 
have made this ascent have been persons of unsound mind. 

One Englishman went to the summit only to say that he had 
been there. He boasted that he made the trip in half an hour 
less than it had ever been done by any other person. A lady 
who went up, would not allow her guides to mingle with those 
of another party that ascended on the same day. When she 
reached the summit, she ordered her guides to litt her as high 
as they could, that she might boast of having been higher than 
any other person in Europe!! 

It is probable that the party which we see in the engraving 
is ascending the Flegfere. This mountain can be ascended with 
considerable facility; and, because of the admirable view of 
Mont Blanc which it commands, it is the one most generally 
climbed by ladies. It is said that it can be accomplished on 
mult-back the whole way. The sagacity, strength and sure- 
nessof foot of the mules of that region are really wonderful. 
Some of the path^ which they ascend and descend with ease, 
are stecjier than any staircase. They have to climb ledges of 
rook two and three feet high, which are sometimes covered with 
broken fragments; but they pass over these in safety. So 
accustomed are they to climbing these dangerous places, that 
they can traverse a narrow ledge of a mountain, w.th an abyss 
on one side and a wall of rook on the other. They often have 
a peculiarity, though, that is not very pleasant to the rider, of 
choosing the very edge of the precipice to walk on. This habit 
is in consequence of the animals being accustomed to carry large 
packages of merchandize, which, if allowed to strike against the 
rock on one side, would destroy the mule's balance and throw 
him over into the abyss below. 

But there is no danger in allowing them to pick their own 
way, for they can find it often far better than their riders can 
direct them. 

The poet Rogers has accurately described this animal when 
he says: 

"Shunning the loose stone on the precipice — 
Snorting suspiciou— while, with sight, smell, touch, 
Trying, detecting, where the surface smiled; 
And with deliberate courage, sliding down, 
Whsre, in his sledge, the Laplander hath turn'd 
With looks aghast." 

The'feed on these mountains is not very abundant; but what 
there is, is very rich and nutritious; and the inhabitants of 
those valleys drive their young stock high up into the moun- 
tains, to get the benefit of the feed, while the short summer 
lasts. The labor of driving them into the mountains is both 
arduous and hazardous. For instance, in the valley Cham- 
ouni, the owners of young stock drive them to a certain point 
where they can all be collected together, ready to be driven 
across what is known as the Mcr de Glace, which literally 
means, "The Sea of Ice." When they are all gathered, a 
number of peasants go out upon the ice with hatchets and 
other tools, to level such places as may be dangerous. After 
the ice has been prepared, men are stationed at certain inter- 
vals on it to iioint out the line of march. This occasion is made 
a kind of holiday; men, women and children attend the proces- 
sion, passing the whole day on the mountain, and keenly en- 
joying their trip. 

After the herd has been driven across, one man remains with 
it to take charge of it. He carries with him sufficient broad 
and cheese to last him one month. Be ore the month is ended 
the supply is renewed, being carried to him by some one of his 
friends. This food is furnished by the owners of the animals. 
He is allowed one cow, which furnishes him with milk, and he 



For the Juvenile Instructor; 



xojDXJsr IS. 



Tfi'^ 



passes his time during the three monttis that he is the sole in- 
habitant of those untenanted wilds, looking after his stock and 
knitting stockings. 

The guides which accompany the visitors to the Alps fic 
quently carry the travelers' baggage, as you see tlVem doing in 
the engraving. They are very strong, fearless and sure footed, 
and they will trudge with their loads across places where a mis- 
step wouid be fatal. Yet they do not seem to mind the danger, 
but walk as if the thought never occurred to them that it was 
possible to slip and fall into the abyss below. There is a place 
in the Alps which is famous for its hot-spring baths. The 
road to them from the north is a mere shelf — in some parts a 
mere groove cut in the face of the huge cliff, and is very nar- 
row, at the turns of the zigzags the traveler constantly over- 
hangs a depth of nearly 500 feet. This road must be traveled 
to reach the baths from the north, unless, indeed, the traveler 
goes by another road, which is onlj/ 200 miles round. Persons 
who are very iiitiriii, proceeding to the baths, are borne on the 
shnnlJer.i of tlie guides in a sort of litter. The guides never 
shrink or tremble in traveling with their burden in the most 
frightful places; but it is said they oiten have to bandage the 
eyes of the persons they carry, to shut out from their sight the 
terrors of the pathway. 






THIS element exists in sea-water, in sponges and sea-weeds. 
It is prepared from kelp or barilla, a crude alkali consist- 
ing of the ashes of marine plants. These ashes are made into 
a^lye with water; the solution obtained is concentrated, and, be- 
tides obtaining soda from it, by treating it with sulphuric acid 
and manganese (the black oxide), iodine is o'.tained. This is 
done by the application of heat, lor this element is volatile at 
low temperatures; it passes over as a vapor and is .sublimed. 
In this state, it forms .'-mall crystals somewhat resembling black- 
lead (carburet of iron or plumbago), it is seen as minute scales 
of a bluish-black color and of metallic appearance. In this 
state, it is friable (easily reduced to. powder) ana is of a hot, 
acrid taste, slightly soluble in wa er, extremely poisonous — al- 
though useful in medirine when properly prepared. It is also 
used in photography, having the property of uniting with metal, 
silver for instance, with which it forms the "iodide of silver," 
a substance sensitive to the action of light. Iodine is useful in 
many di.seases; it may be prepared as a "tincture of iodine," 
and also with potassa. It has many qualities similar to chlo- 
rine and bromine; it destroys vegetable colors, smells like chlo- 
rine, and has like affinities to both. 

The discovery of iodine led to more complete knowledge of 
some doctrines relating to oxygen. It had been said that all 
acids derived their acid qualities from oxygen; the very name 
osy-gen ineana acid-maker. It was found that iodine makes 
acids: iodine plus oxygen form iodic acid; iodine plus chlorine 
form chloriodie acid; hydrogen plus iodine form hydriodic acid. 
If chemists were naming oxygen now, such a name would not 
be given to it. It is well to remember this, for many of the 
elements have received fanciful names which do not give a cor- 
rect idea of their qualities. Iodine means "violet color," be- 
cause the vapor of that clement is of a violet tint; but the 



'^V9 






<^ 



WA 



CTTJ^EISriLE IIsrSTI^TJOTOI^ 



163 



choice of names has often been very inappropriate. It is bet- 
ter for the student to try to remember the propertk.t of the ele- 
ments; the rela'ions they bear to each oiher; th way they 
combine together and separate from each other; and consider 
the names of no consequence except to identify them. For 
chemistry is quite independent of names and theories, only as 
they may designate substances or explain the laws of that 
science. Everything has to be jn-oved to be true by experimoit. 
This is what the young chemist must do, if he will become a 
chemist practically. Procure the substances, handle them; 
notice their form, color, smell; read as much as possible about 
them, so as to have the benefit of the knowledge of others, but 
examine and experimentalize. This is the reason why experi- 
ments are given from time to time that the student may know 
how to do things and DO them. 

There is another thing worthy of notice: the language of 
chemistry is becoming somewhat different. This comes from 
fresh discoveries being occasionally made. New substances 
have to be named; old names have to be changed for others. 
Symbols have to be used to save labor in writing and to enable 
the nature of compounds to be more readily understood. H I 
convej's the idea of hydrogen and iodine, or hydriodic acid as 
perfectly as the words do; CI I means chlorine and iodine; the 
the sime of other symbols when understood, as we have seen 
before. This is why we should familiarize ourselves with the 
modes of expression used by chemists; and become acquainted 
with the nomenclature adopted by them. 

Iodine is a valuable substance; many very brilliant experi- 
ments are performed with it in the lecture room, owing to its 
superb rioht color when in vapor. Dangerous diseases are 
arrested and healed by it; the beautilul photographs and en- 
chanting pictures taken by the action of light contain iodine. 
Iodine combines with starch, forming an insoluble substance of 
a deep blue color; so that starch is used as a tcxl in ehcniistry 
for the presence of iodine. Beth. 

( To he Continued. ) 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



m%%u mniiu. 



CHAPTER XIX. 



LITTLE WILLIE GROWN TO MANHOOD. 



ON the last evening, the audience requested the debate tu be 
continued longer. Willie expressed his willingness to 
comply with their request; but Mr. Theobold objected. lie 
said that he would not stand there one Diinute after the expi- 
ration of his obligation. It will be remembered that, at the 
beginning of the debate, Mr. Theobold said that he would 
whip the boy first, and then he would be willing to meet any 
of the leaders of the "Mormon" Church; but his tone and ex- 
pression now indicated that he had become weary of his task. 

Mr. Theobold, in liis closing speech, announced a lecture 
that he purposed to deliver in the Baptists' chapel. No females 
nor males under nineteen years of age were to be admitted. 
Willie told the people that he felt extremely sorry that he was 
so unfortunate as to be a few months under the age of nine- 
teen; for his lack of years deprived him of the privilege of at 
tending the important lecture just announced. 

In going out of the chapel, Wiliic bad to pass through the 



vestry, where, to his astonishment, he found fifteen or twenty 
of the Methodists awaiting his arrival. He passed round shak- 
ing hands with all. Some wished that he was a Methodist; 
others thovidit him capable of doing much good if he only had 
a good cause to advocate. 

Willie answered: "My labors are in defense of truth. The 
work of God is the cause that I have espoused; and I deem no 
other cause worthy of being placed ahead of it." 

A party of friends (outsiders) on whom the discussions had 
made a favorable impression, presented Willie with a nice Ja- 
pan box, several fine shirts, a set of gold studs and a silver 
tooth-pick; and, in addition to this, bade him welcome to 
their homes. 

Within a few weeks, five or six were added to the Church; 
houses were opened in all the country round for preaching, and 
friends were raised up in every direction which made a great 
change in Willie's cjnditlon. 

About this time, he went to Hilton, a small village in which 
resided the gentleman whose gooseberry bush was killed in an- 
swer to the prayer. The gentleman was now in the Church 
and a faithful Latter-day Saint. Willie had a very pleasant 
interview with him, and visited several friends and conversed 
with them about the principles of the gospel, and distributed 
tracts throughout the neighborhood. His whole soul was in- 
terested in the work; he felt that God was raising up friends for 
him on every side. His heart was filled with thanksgiving and 
praise to Him for his great mercy and kindnefs. 

Evening closed in upon the labors of the day, and reminded 
Willie of another appointment. He had engaged to spend the 
evening and stay over night with a brother whom he had late- 
ly baptized, and whose residence was nearly two miles distant. 
The river Knidd lay between him and his destination. The 
stream was deep and slow. The main tiaveUd road led'by 
Knaresborough to his friend's house, a distance of about six 
miles, while a direct course would not exceed two. 

Willie now stood near a railroad bridge, hesitating whether to 
go over, which would save him upwaids of four miles. He 
saw that the night was setting in very dark; the clouds were 
gathering in the sky. He did not hesitate long, but finally con- 
cluded to pass over. The railway was fenced in; he chmbed 
the fence, and in double-quick time passed the bridge. He 
had no sooner gained ti,e other side, than he heard a train be- 
hind him. It seemed to fly as on the wings of the wind. The 
bright light in front, the red, burning coals that dropped be- 
neath the engine, and its terrific speed, gave it the appearance 
of a huge monster. 

After the train had passed, Willie entered a path that led 
through the field.-: towards the place of his destination. At first 
the path was plain; but, as he advanced, it became more diffi- 
cult to trace, and finally was entirely lost. He traveled on, not 
knowing where be was going. He often thought that he could 
discern familiar objects just ahead of him, and as often was de- 
ceived. He eagerly cliiubcd upon the fences and strained his 
eyes to catch a .■^iglit of some tree or object that he had seen 
before, but all was in vain. He was peifectly lost; he could 
not tell the noith from the south, nor the east from the west; 
and there was nothing before hiui, apparently, but to walk the 
lonely fields through the silent hours of the night. He finally 
came to a Ibrestof large trees, the shade of which gave a deeper 
hue to the darkness of that very dark night; he found it diffi- 
cult to avoid coming in contact with them. 

Willie now inclined to the right of the timber, walked 
leisurely along, entirely lost in thought. He carried a small 
cane in bis right hand. His object in walking appeared to bo 
to keep warm rather than to aim for any given point. Sudden- 
ly bis motion w:i« arrested. He now stood still without know- 
ing the reason why. In.stinctively he reached his cane in front 
of him, when, 1 1 his astonishment, he could find no bottom lie 
thanked God fur this miraculous preservation, turned right- 
about-face, and tiii'd to retrace his steps; i;; doing so, he struck 
a wagon track, wliieh he liillowed until it led him to the main 
road, and not far lidin his friend's house where he had en- 
gaged to spend (he night. Wm. W. B, 
[To be Contiu\ie(J) 



i.^ 



-« 



is 



JTJ'VEIsrilLjE in^STil^TJCTOI?. 






SATURDAY. OCTOBER 8, 1869. 




f^ 



EFORE the death of the Prophet, Joseph 
Smith, he predicted concerning the power 
that would be manifested by Satan to de- 
ceive the people; by the power of the evil 
one, men would perform many wonders, 
and even make fire come down from Heav 
en on the earth, in the sight of men, and 
perform many other miraculous works; but 
he told the Saints that, whenever a man 
brought fire down from Heaven, they might know 
he was a false prophet. 

Satan has always had great power among those 
who have rejected the gospel. Men do not come 
under condemnation until they hear the truth 
and the testimony of the servants of God, and reject 
them. That portion of the spirit of the Almighty 
whichthey have previously possessed then leaves them, 
the light which they have had gives place to daik- 
ness, and the adversary has great influence over them, 
far they become his servants. This is one reason why he has 
more power among wicked and corrupt persons, when the gos- 
pel is upon the earth, than at other times. 

Soon after the Prophet Joseph's death, "spiritualism," as it 
is called, was made manliest; and men and women began to re- 
ceive revelations, not from the Lord Jesus, but from spirits; 
and great wonders began to be shown. 

We read, the other day, about a man in England, who is a 
great spiritualist. Ilis name is Home. He performs great 
works in the sight of the people; and a book has been written 
and published by an English nobleman, for his friends to read, 
describing the marvelous nature of some of Mr. Home's won- 
ders. At one of his performances, which are generally held in 
the evening, and are called seances, — a large table containing 
various articles, danced around the room, and was nearly tipped 
over; still, the articles upon it did not slip oif. Chairs 
were moved by an unseen power, and music played by invisible 
hands. The spirits were said to be seen and their voices heard. 
But the most remarkable thing about these manifestations was, 
that Mr. Home was taken up in the air and carried out of one 
window and brought into the window of another room. 

These are some of the wonderful things which this mnn per- 
forms; but he does not pretend to do them by the power of 
God: it is the spirits who aid him, and under whose influence, 
he professes to act. 

What a cunning plan this is of the devil to deceive people, 
and prevent men and women from obeying the teachings of 
Jesus! He will give them power to do these things without 
believing in Jesus, without repenting of their sins and being 
baptized or having hands laid upon them. He makes it very 
easy f' r them, and tries to lead the world down to destruction 
by this means. "Broad is the gate, and wide the way tba tlead- 
eth to death, and many there are that go in thereat; but strait 
is the pate, and narrow the way that leadeth unto the exalta- 
tion and continuation of the lives, and few there be that find it. " 
God recjuires us to obey His laws, to bring our wills into 
.suVjection to Hia; to deny ourselves ot those things which are 



evil; to curb our appetites and passions, to purify our hearts 
and bring our whole body in subjection to His holy spirit. 
Jesus did this. He went and was baptised by John, in the 
Jordan, "to fulfill all righteousness." 

If we obey God, He will prepare us to dwell eternally in His 
presence; for, by obeying Him, we will be made pure and holy, 
and be free from sin, and He will give unto us His holy Spirit 
and the gifts of the Spirit. These gifts are not like the power 
of Satan. Of what use or benefit is it to a person to see a 
table tip, to hear music played, to be carried out of one window 
into another? Is a man any better for all this? or are those 
who see it profited? Satan gives this power to mankind to 
delude them and lead them from the tiue path; but they are 
not benefitted by it. But when a man or woman, or a boy or 
gii 1 receives the Eloly Ghost, it brings peace, joy, love and hap- 
piness; and the person who is in possession of this Spirit has a 
teeling of kindness and charity towards all mankind. His mind 
is enlightened and the things of God are made plain unto him. 
Society is benefitted and the world is purified by its bestowal. 
No body of spiritualists, with all theii table-turning and their 
revelations from spirits, could do what has been done in these 
valleys; because all their power and manifestations would fail 
to produce that union, harmony and love which have enabled 
the people of God, who have obeyed the truth, to accomplish 
all that we see around us. And we have a community now 
growing up whose members are filled with love, kindness and 
good works. This is done by the guidance of the holy priest- 
hood, which God has placed upon the earth. 

Now, the only safe course, children, for you and all mankind 
to pursue is to obey the priesthood, to listen to the teachings of 
the servants of God, and never murmur against them. Then 
God's power will increase with you, and you will add know- 
ledge to knowledge, light to light, and be brought back into the 
presence of God. Then, when fal.se prophets arise, and won- 
derful works are performed by them through the power of the 
evil one, you will not be deceived; for you will know that they 
are not of God; and though they may call fire down from Heav- 
en, 3'ou will still cling to the priesthood of God. Apostates and 
all who fight against the priesthood are liable to be led astray 
by the miracles and wonders which are performed by wicked 
men; for they have no guide; they have forsaken the true 
path and the authority which (Jod has bestowed. 

Children, think of these things and remember them through- 
out your lives. 



BABY'S IFIB.ST TOOTH. 

C ime look at the ilainty darling! 

Am I're^l^as a new-blown roi-e, 
Prom tlie top ol liis head so golden, 

'I'd the dear, little, restless toes; 
You can tell by the dancing dimples, 

By the smiles that couie and go, 
He is keeping a wonderful secret 

You'd give half your kingdom to know. 

Now kiss him on cheek and forehead, 

And kiss him on lip and chin; 
Thn little red mouth is hiding 

The rarest ol pearls within. 
Ah, see! when the lips in smiling 

Have parted their tender red, 
Do you see the tiny, white jewel, 

Set deep in its cural bed? 

Now where are the sage reporters, 

Who wait by hamlet and hill. 
To tell to the listening nation 

'J he news of its good or ill? 
Como weave with 3'our idle gossip 

This goldcui blossom of truth — 
Just half a year old this mnrning. 

And one little pearly tuotU.' 



?C^ 




»^^ 



j"tj^e:n"iXjE ii^sti^tjgtoi^. 



16 1 



ZAi 



I 



HZXJZtTinSTG- THE IREI3^DEEK^. ' ments, the surface of the water is covered with tliein. This is 

I the moment that the hunters rush, in their light canoes, from 

N number twenty-three of our la«t Tolunie, we gave a short their hiding places, surround the animals and obstruct their 
account of Lapland and the llcindcer; to-day, we have an • passage, whih two or three chosen men, armed with short 
engraving which will convey to our little readers a much better j spears, dash in amongst them, and kill large numbers in a very 
idea.of those animals and that land, than any lengthy descrip- short time, or, at least so wound them that if they reach the 
tion of ours could do. Here, indeed, we have the Laplander, shore, it is only to fall into the hands of the women and chil- 
in his winter costume, muffled in warm furs, while he is swiftly ' dren. The whole scene is very exciting, "The throng of thou- 
drawn, in his comfortable sled, over the snow covered soil, by [ sands of swiuiming reindeer, the^loud clashing of their antlers, 
one of these graceful and hardy animals which God^^in His . the swift canoes dashing in amongst them, the terror of the 
kindness has given to the inhabitants of that ice-bound land, | frightened animals, the dangerous positions of the hunters, the 



and without which, we almost fancy no human beings could 
dwell there. 
Gentle and docile as the Eeindeer gererally are, and obedient 



shouts of warning or applause of their friends, make up a pic- 
ture thai is very difficult to imagine without having seen it." 
The'office of the spearman is a very dangerous one. He has 



to the guidance of their masters, they sometimes prove very no easy task to keep his boat afloat in the midst of the dense 
restive and s tub- 
born. One trav- 
eler in Lapland 




relates an in- 
stance of this 
kind when he 
and his compan- 
ions were on 
their journey 
early one morn- 
ing. The a n i m- 
als kicked, r e a r- 
ed on their legs, 
butted with their 
antlers or h o r n s, 
threw the sleds 
over on their sides 
and then rushed 
away with them at 
a tremendous rate, 
to the great peril 
of the travelers, 
some of whom 

were thrown violently on the snow. For some time they were 
beyond all control; but at last, returned to their usual quiet be- 
havior. Cases of such strange conduct, on the part of the rein- 
deer, are, however, very rare. 

Nor is the reindeer a native of Lapland alone, tor it is found 
both in Europe and Asia, all a'ong the shores of the Russian 
Empire which border on the Arctic Ocean. Wherever known 
it is highly valued by the half-civilized tribfs who dwell in those 
very cold regions, as their food and clothing and principal 
wants are supplied by it; and, the sea.=on for hunting it is one 
of the busiest of the whole year. Admiral Wrangell, of the 
Russian Laperial navj', who comniaiided an exploring expedi- 
tion in Northern Siberia, in lS2il, 18lil and 1S22, gives a highly 
interesting account ot the way in which the natives of those 
parts hunt this animal He states that there are two hunting 
seasons — one in the spring when the animals quit the forests 
whore they have sought shelter duiing the winter, and visit 
the northern plains nearer the ,sea, and the other in the au- 
tumn when they return to the iuresls. The autumn hunt is 
much the most important, for the animals are then healthy and 
well fed, their flesh is excellent, and as they have just acquired 
their winter coats, their fur is thick and warm. When the 
time for these migrations arrives, the hunters conceal them- 
selves in light canoes on the rivers which they know, from the 
experience of past years, the animal will cross. The reindeer at 
these times travel in large herds very near together. As each 
herd approaches the river, the animals crowd closely together, 
and the largest and strongest take the lead, and in a few mo- 



crnwd of s w i m- 
ming animals, who 
will resist and fight 
the hunters, the 
males with their 
horiis, teeth and 
hind legs, while 
the females endea- 
vor to overset the 
boat by getting 
their fore legs over 
the gunwale. If 
they succeed in 
this, the hunter is 
lost, for it is scarce- 
ly possible for him 
to get out of the 
throng of excited 
animals; but the 
skill of the natives 
is so great that ac- 
cidents rarely hap- 
pen. A good 
spearman will kill a hundred in an liour, and while he is so en- 
gaged, the rest of the hunters p:ck up the slain and fasten them 
together, each one being allowed to retain what he secures in 
this manner .What then, you may ask, does the spearmen g( t 
to pay them for their skill and the dangers they have passed 
through? Though each one taken in the river belongs to him 
who first lays hold of it, all the wounded ones who reach the 
shore belong to the spearman who wounds them; and so skillful 
are many of these hunters that they will kill the smallest ani- 
mals outright, but only wound the larger and finer ones so that 
they will just be able to reach the bank. This is hardly con- 
sidered "the fair thing" amongst these Siberians, but is .said to 
be almost always done. When the chase is over and the spoils 
have been divided, the slain deer are sunk in the river, the 
ice-cold water of which preserves them until there is time to 
prepprc them for winter use. For this purpose, the flesh is 
either dried in the air, smoked, or frozen if early frosts set in. 
The Russians sometimes salt the best pieces. The tongues are 
considered a great dainty, and are rc-erved for particular occa- 
sions; indeed, smoked reindeer tongues form a considerable 
article of commerce in Russia, G. R. 



Birds of a feather will flock togalhor. A boy or a man is 
known by the company he keeps. 

When we hear the names and learn the characters of a boy's 
companions, wo can form an excellent judgment of what kind 
of a boy he is. 

The mill of the Gods grinds slowly, but it grinds very fine. 



■ jm il H I P ■■■■ ■■ ; ■ ^mm 






^^i 



6'ar' xo6 




J-TJ "V IB nsr 1 1_, IB IIN-STI^TJCTOI^ 






SIR HUMPHREY DAYY. 



From "Triumphs op Invention and Discovery."— 
Published by T. Nelson & Sons, London, 




CONCLUDED. 

THROUGH his two friends, Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Watt, 
Davj- formed the aciiuaintance of Dr. Beddoes, who was 
just setting up at Bristol, under the title of Pneumatic Insti- 
tute, an establishment for investigating the medical properties 
of different gases; and who, appreciating h:s abilities, gave him 
the superintendence of the new institution. 

Although only twenty years of age at this time, Davy was 
well abreast of the science of the day, and soon applied his vig- 
orous and searching intellect to several successful investiga- 
tions. His first scientific discovery was the detection of 
siliceous earth in the outer coating of reeds and grasses. A 
child was rubbing two pieces of bonnet cane together, and he 
noticed that a faint light was emitted; and on striking them 
sharply together, vivid sparks were produced just as if they had 
been flint and steel. The fact that when the outer skin was 
peeled off, this property was destroyed, showed that it was 
confined to the skin, and on subjecting it to analysis, silex was 
obtained, and still more in reeds and grasses. 

As superintendent of Dr. Beddoe's institution, his attention 
was, of course, cliiefly directed to the subject of gases, and with 
the enthusiasm of youth, ho applied himself ardently to the in- 
vestigation of their elements and effects, attempting several 
very dangerous experiments in breathing gases, and more than 
once nearly sacrificing his life. In the course of these expeii- 
ments, he found out the peculiar properties of nitrous oxide, or, 
as it has since been popularly called, "laughing gas," which 
impels any one who inhales it to go through some characteris- 
tic action, — a droll fellow to laugh, a dismal one to weep and 
sigh, a pugnacious man to fight and wrestle, or a musical one 
to sing. 

At twenty-two j-ears of age, such was the reputation he had 
acquired, that he got the appointment of lecturer at the Roj-al 
Institution, which was just then established, and found him- 
self in a little while not only a man of mark in the scientific, 
but a "lion" in the fashionable world. Natural philosophy 
and chemistry had begun to attract a good deal of attention at 
that time; and Davy's enthusiasm, his clear and vivid explan- 
ations of the mysteries of science, and the poetry and imagina- 
tion with which he invested the dry bones of scientific facts, 
caught the popular taste exactly. His lecture-room became a 
fashionable lounge, and was crowded with all sorts of distin- 
guished people. The young lecturer became quite the rage, 
and was p tted anl feted as the lion of the day. It was only 
six years back that he was the druggist's boy in a little country 
town, alarming and annoying the household with his inJoFati- 
gab'e experiments. Ho could hardly have imagined, in one of 
his day dreams at the sea-side, that his fame would be acquired 
so quick lj\ 

In spite of all the flatteries and attentions which were show- 
ered upon him, Davy .stuck manfully to his profession; and if 
his reputation was somewhat artificial and exaggerated at the 
commencement, he amply earned and consolidated it by his 
valuable contributions to science during the rest of his career. 

The name of Humphrey Davy will always be best known 
from its association with the ingenious safety lamp which he 
invented, and wbii-li well entitles him to rank as one of the 
benefactors of mankind. It was in the year 3815 that Davy 
first turned his attention to this subject. Of frequent occur- 



rence from the very first commencement of coal-mining, the 
number of accidents from fire-damp had been sadly multiplied 
by the increase of mining-operations consequent on the intro- 
duction of the steam-engine. The dreadful character of some 
of the explosions which occurred about this time, the appalling 
number of lives lost, and the wide-spread desolation in some of 
the colliery districts which they had occasioned, weighed heavi- 
ly on the minds of all connected with such matters. Not mere- 
ly were the feelings of humanity wounded by the terrible and 
constant danger to which the inti epid miners were exposed, but 
it began to be gravely questioned whether the high rate of 
wage which the collier required to pay him not only for his 
labor, but for the risk he ran, would admit of the mines being 
profitably worked. It was felt that some strenuous eflFort must 
be made to preser\'e the miners from their awful foe. Davy 
was then in the plenitude of his reputation, and a committee 
of coal-owners besought him to investigate the subject, and if 
possible, provide some preventive against explosions. Davy 
at once went to the north of England, visited a number of the 
principal pits, obtained specimens of fire-damp, and analyzed 
them carefully, and having discovered the peculiarities of this 
element of destruction, after numerous experiments, devised 
the safety-lamp as its antagonist. 

The principles upon which this contrivance rests, are the 
modification of the explosive tendencies of fire-damp (the in- 
flammable gas in mines) when mixed with carbonic acid and 
nitrogen; and the obstacle presented to the passage of an ex- 
plosion, if it should occur, through a hole less than the seventh 
of an inch in diameter; and accordingly, while the small oil 
lamp in burning itself mixes the surrounding gas with carbonic 
acid and nitrogen, the cylinder of wire-gauze whicli surrounds 
it prevents the escape of any explosion. It is curious that 
George Stephenson, the celebrated engineer, about the same 
time, hit on much the same expedient. 

To control a "power that, in its tremendous eflfects, seems to 
emulate the lightning and the earthquake," and to enclose it in 
a net of the most slender texture, was indeed a grand achieve- 
ment; and when we consider the many thousand lives which it 
has been the means of saving from a sudden and cruel death, 
it must be acknowledged to be one of the noblest triumphs, not 
only of science, but of humanity, which the world has ever 
seen. Honors were showered upon Davy, from the miners and 
coal-owners, from scientific associations, from crowned heads; 
but all must agree with PliyAiir in thinking that "it is little 
that the highest praise, an 1 that even the voice of national 
gratitude when most strongly expressed, -can add to the happi- 
ness of one who is conscious of having done such a service to 
his fellow-men." Davy himself said he "valued it more than 
anything he ever did." Wiien urged by his friends to take out 
a patent for the invention, he replied— "No, I never thoucht 
of such a thing. IMy sole object was to serve the cause of hu- 
manity; and if I have succeeded, I am amply rewarded by the 
gratifying reflection of having done so." 

The honors of knighthood and baronetage were successively 
conferred on Davy as a reward for bis scientific labors; and the 
esteem of his professional brethren was shown in his election 
to the Presidentship of the Royal Institution, in which, oddly 
enough, ho was succeeded by his old friend, Mr. Gilbert, who 
bad first taken him by the hand, and whom he had got ahead 
of in the race of life. 

Davy died at Geneva before he had completed his fifty-first 
year, no doubt from overexertion and the unhealtliy character 
of the researches he prosecuted so recklessly. Assiduous as he 
was in his devotion to his favorite science, he found time also 
to master several continental languages; to kec)) himself well 
ac((uainted with, and also to contribute tn the literatuie of the 
day; and to indulge his passion for fly-fishing, at which he was 
a keen and practised adept. 




CTTJVEIsril-iE! UnTSTK.TJOTOK. 



167 ' riQd 



■apajilii. 



mLm^>ii-»fw-j.-VL-.ii,Tj 



1= K. O DP 11 E T . 




, ANGUAGE conveys but a very weak idea, 
even when used in the most powerful 
manner, of the condition of affairs wliich 
existed in Nauvoo during the days of which 
we write. Joseph's enemies howled 
around him like a pack of wolves, indulg- 
ing in the most murderous threats, form- 
ing all kinds of plots and moving earth and 
hell to compass his destruction. The lead- 
ers of this crusade were the Laws, the 
Higbees, the Fosters and many other apostates 
of lesser note, who consorted with them. Those 
were never-to-be-forgotten days. When we re- 
flect upon them, and recollect the constancy, the 
cheerfulness, the steadfastness and courage which 
Joseph manifested, we are filled with astonishment. 
God was with him, comforting and sustaining him, 
and in his anxiety to cheer the Saints and save them, 
ho seemed to forget that he was the target at which 
every dart was hurled, and that it was his life above all others 
which the enemies of the Kingdom of God sought. The men 
who should have stood by him and sustained him, had proved 
traitors and used the knowledge which they possessed of the 
principles of the gospel f jr the purpose of destroying him. 

Law had been Joseph's counselor, one of the First Presiden- 
cy, and was, of course, familiar with the doctrine which God 
had made known in the revelation on Celestial Marriage. The 
knowledge that he had of this doctrine he communicated to 
others, and so determined was he to destroy Joseph, that he 
went before the Grand Jury at Carthage and swore that Joseph 
had been guilty of polygamy and adultery; and upon his testi- 
mony that Joseph had told him that he practiced polj'gamy, or 
as it was then called "spiritual-wife-ism," the Prophet was in- 
dicted. 

When Joseph heard that the Grand Jury had indicted him, 
he started on horseback, with a few friends, for Carthage, 
thinking it best to meet his enemies before the Circuit Court, 
and have the indictments investigated. The company was 
swelled by several brethren joining the party while on the road 
and by the addition of others on Joseph's arrival in Carthage. 
Charles A. Foster, brother of Robert D. Foster, a man who 
had never belonged to the Church, overtook the party outside 
of Carthage, and rode with Joseph into that place. Joseph 
had considerable conversation with him, and Foster was almost 
persuaded that he had been influenced to some extent by la'so 
reports. 

After the arrival of the party at Carthage, Foster took Jos- 
eph into a private room and told him, in a friendly manner, 
that there was a conspiracy against his life. No doubt, from 
all that transpired at that time and subsequently, it was the 
intention of these apostates andmobbersto have taken Joseph's 
life. But situated as he was, having so many friends with him, 
they could not accomplish their evil design. 

Joseph's lawyers used all reasonalle exertions to bring for 
ward his trial; but the prosecuting party were Lot ready. 

Joseph was anxious for bis trial, but the case was deferred 
till next term, and he was kit to give bail to the sheriff at his 



option. The sheriff told him he might return, and he would 
call upon him and take bail at his convenience. 

You have only to refer to what we have previously written 
about William Law to see how inconsistent and utterly base 
were his language and conduct. At the time that he had the 
policemen examined to find out wliether he was the "Brutus" 
referred to by Joseph, he stated under oath that he had never 
heard or seen or knew anything immoral or criminal in Joseph, 
and that he was ready to lay down his life fur him. 

Abundant evidence was in the hands of Joseph to prove the 
wickedness and utter corruption of these men. They were 
guilty of every crime of which they accused the Saints. Both 
William and Wilson Law were guilty of adultery. Wilson 
Law, Viho had acted as Major General in the Nauvoo Legion, 
was cashiered for dishonesty and for robbing the Government. 
Several afiidavits had also been sworn to by females accusing 
the Higbees and Fosters of seduction and adultery. Joseph 
H. Jackson, who never belonged to the Church, but who was a 
confederate with them in their schemes, had been, according 
to his own acknowledgment, a murderer and robber. To these 
crimes, he added that of perjury, in swearing fa!eely against 
Joseph. Yet, with all these evidences against him and his 
party, Law professed to be very holy, said Joseph was a fallen 
Prophet, and that he (Law) was to take his place. He secret- 
ly organized a Church, asserting that he intended to maintain 
the organization of Prophets and Apostles, but to select new 
oflicers. 

The Saints, who were faithful and lived in close communion 
with the Lord, knew for themselves that Joseph was innocent 
and pure; and the ravings and threatenings of these apostates 
had no efi'ect upon them. The only ones influenced by them 
were those who were neglectful of the duties of their religion 
and were on the road to apostasy, 

Joseph told the p.ople repeatedly that he asked no odds of 
apostates; but he could go to the cross and lay down his life for 
the Saints. He did not want his brethren and sisters, however, 
to forsake him and the truth. He wanted their friendship, and 
hS constantly exhorted them to be humble and patient and to 
render good for evil. On one occasion, he declared that he was 
the same man and was just as innocent as he was fourteen 
years ago. He said he had labored with those apostates him- 
self until he was out of all manner of patience, and then he had 
sent his brother Hyrum to them. He had sent word to the 
Laws that if they had any case against him, he would go before 
the Church and confess. On the same occasion, in speaking 
to the Saints, he said: 

"As I grow older, my heart grows tenderer for yon. I am 
at all times willing to give up everything that is wrong, lor I 
wish thi.s people to have a virtuuus leader. 1 have stt your 
minds at liberty by letting you know the things of Jesus Christ. 
When I shrink not from your defence, will you throw me 
away for a new man wlio slanders you? I love you for your 
rtceptiou of me. Have 1 asked yuu lor your iiiouey? Nu; you 
know belter." 

In speaking at another time to the Saints, he said: 

"My enemies say that I have been a true^ Prophet. Why, I 
would rather be a fallen true Piophot tl an a false priiphet. 
When a man goes about prophesying, and eoinaiands men to 
obey his teachings, he must either bo a true or a false prophet. 
False prophets Hlwa\s arise to oppose tlio true Prophets; and 
they will prophesy so very near the truth that Ihcy will de- 
ceive almost the very chosen ones." 

In the same discourse he said: 

"Oh! I beseech you to po forward — 20 forward, and make 
your calling and jour elec'ion sure; and ifiuiy man preach any 
other gospel tliari that which J have preached, he shall bo 
cursed; and some of vou wdio now lioar nio, .shall see it, and 
know that I testily the tiuth eonccruiu^ thcin. When did I 
ever teach anything wrung from this stand? When was lover 
confounded? I vxant to triuniiili in Israel bclbro I <lop;nt 
hence and am no niuro seeti. 1 never tuld you 1 was perlccl; 



!(5 



^^ 




MV 



±Qa 



JXJ"VEn^ILE IlsrSTI^TJGTOIR. 



^: 



liut lucre is no firmr in Ihs revelations wliiuli I iiave taught; 
must I tben be tbnnvu awaj- as a tbiug of naught?" 

Many of those who heard him make these remarks, have 
lived to see his words fulfilled concerning those who pieached 
another gospel to that which he preached. They have seen 
that ail those who have done so, have been cursed. And as it 
was with Joseph, so will it always be with the man who holds 
the keys. The curse of the Alaiighty will rest upon every man 
wlio opposes hiiu. 



TilE ZPUnVE^^ OE. COTJO-JLIE?.. 



THIS animal is found in the New World. Where is that? 
He was called the American lion. Jlany years ago, he 
was found as far north as Canada, and as far south as Patago- 
nia. The puma is very strong, and, in attacking animals, he 
generally contrives to jump upon their backs, and tear them to 
pieces. This animal lives in high mountains and woody places. 
His head is round, his ears short, and the general color of the 
^ ur reddish brown. 

The length of the body is about four feet, anl its height a 
little more than two. The tail is nearly two feet in length, 
without any tuft. 

A story is told about this animal, and two hunters who went 
in search of game in the Cutskill Mountains in New York. 

Each was armed with a gun, and had a dog with him. 
They agreed to go in contrary directions around the base of a 
hill, and, if either heard the other fire, he should go at once to 
the place from whence the sound came, as sp/edily as possible. 
'They had not been long apart, when one heard the other's gun. 
ana hastened in the direction of the sound. He looked for him 
in every direction in vain. At length he found the dog of his 
friend dead, and fearfully torn. 

He continued the search for his friend; but had not gone far 
when he heaid a savage growl. On raising his eyes, he saw a 
large cougar crouching on the branch of a tree, with the body 
of his friend under him. The animal's eyes glared at him, and 
he seemed to hesitate whether to leave his prey aud take to 
flight, or to attack the hunter. 

Knowing there was no time to lose, he fired, and mortally 
wounded the animal, who fell from the tree, with the dead 
body of his friend. His dog then attacked the wounded puma, 
but he laid that prostrate with one blow of his paw. 

Knowing that his friend was entirely dead, and that it was 
not safe for him to go near, he went for assistance. When he 
returned, he found the puma and the two dogs dead, as well as 
his friend. 

The puma is easily tamed, and likes to be petted like a cat. 
He likes to be noticed, and raises his back and stretches his 
limbs and purrs as the cat does. Many persons have tamed 
them, and allowed them to follow them aboi.t just like a dog. 

You will see by these anecdotes that animals are made better 
by being taught and trained to good habits. It is just so with 
all children; unless taught to be gentle and kind and polite, 
they will be somewhat like the untamed animals, rough and 
cruel, and to be feared. (Jod has given us dispositions to im- 
prove, aud we must Irij to do what He requires of us.— [.b'f- 
I'cled. 






'Tm.s little fellow," said Martin Luther, of a bird going to 
roost, "has chosen his shelter, and is quietly rocking himself to 
hleop without a care for to-mirro.v's lodging; calmly holding 
Ly hi? little twig, andkavingG.d ulone to il ink of him." 



OIIsrD:HiI^-E]XjI-.^^.. 



THE story of Cinderella is familiar to every one, and }'et there 
are few that treasure it up as in any respect true. But it 
has a foundation and a reality that really need no fairy god- 
mother, with her pumpkins and her rats, to make an entertain- 
ing tale. It is as follows: 

In about the year 1730, a French actor by the name of The- 
venard lived in Paris. He was rich and talented, but he had 
no wife, and we may believe he had never loved any one, but 
gave all his affection to those ideal characters that he could 
represent so finely on the stage. One day as he was walking 
leisurely along the streets of Paris, ho came upon a cobbler's 
stall, and his eye was attracted by a dainty little shoe which 
lay there waiting for jepaiis. His imagination began immedi- 
ately to form the little fojt that must fit such a little shoe. He 
examined well, but only toadnjlie it more and more. He went 
'o the cobbler again, but he could learn nothing with regard to 
the owner of the shoe. This only increased his eagerness, and 
made him more determined to know to whom it belonged. 
Day by day he was disa|ipoiuted, but he was not discouraged. 
At last the little foot needeii the little shoe, and Thevenard met 
the owner, a poor girl, whose parents belonged to the humblest 
class. But the ardent actor thought not of caste or family. 
His heart had already pronounced the little one his wife. He 
married the girl, with no question of what people would say, 
and felt joy enough in hearing the tread of the light nimble 
feet through his silent rooms, to pay him for the sacrifice of 
people's approval. This is the true story of Cinderella, and 
from which the child-romance sprang. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

c h: .i^ E. .^ D E . 



I am a word composed of letters five, 
My 5, 4, 3, 1, is what few men do; 

My 5, 3, 4, describes all men alive, 
But to be 2, 3, 1 , is liked by few. 

My 3, 4, 5, the juvenile doth use; 

I'll say, by way of gentle l2, 3, 4, 1, too, 
When he hath got to mind his P's and Q's 

.Sometime the 1, 3, 4, 1, is red, black or blue, 

My 1, 3, 4, is m3tal, and 1, 2, 3, 4. 

My baby-cat is pr> tty 5, 3, 1. 
I guess I will not tell you any more 

Or you will 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and spoil the fun! 



Is published in S.'ilt Lake City, Utah Territory 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANN3N, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Hingle Copy, per A nnum •••• 
Single Copy, for Six Months 



.^3 00 
. J 50 



IfP- It is expected where a jents forward n.imes they will be responsible 
for the jiapcrs thus ordered; 4iul wlieii Ciisli pityiiicuts an' nuide, tliey will 
pleaseforward tliem with the letter eonttiiiiiu^^ llie u;iines ol the subscribers. 

ir^ '"-'•:,iTi brouslit to this Tity for tlie .IivKNii.K iNnTrri'TOR will be 
icceivcd at the uHicii of our p.;per— UtsiihET Kews Bijilpi.nos. 



>gS^- 



