




p i« 



■flOhWESS TO THELOmD. 




'Pi 1 jl I- 





f 1 



"PCr 



*": 







! 






VOL 10. 



SALT LAKK (JITY, NOVEMBER 27,' 1875. 



iS'O. 24. 



THE BOFPIRE. 



OnR engraving presents a peculiar scene, and one which is 
strikingly interesting. The curious manner of the per- 
formance, the earnest enthusiasm of the performers and 
the quaint style in which they are dressed all impress us. Tne 
dress of the „_„ ._,.,_. , _ 

ndi- %%. ^sSi^'jpQi^ «#?■- 



persons in 
cates that it i: 



&?*^ 





a Swiss scene, ,<^<^:^r ^s^Z^C 
and the artist &Jn 'i^V^v-/^ 



has poi'traye 
one of the nu- 
merous festi- 
vals that us ed 
to be oelebrat" 
ed wilh bon- 
fires. 

Bonfire eek- 
brations are of 
such great an- 
tiquity that 
they can be 
traced back to 
the pagan rites 
performed in 
honor of the 
different dei- 
ties, particu- 
larly the sun 
god, or god of 
light. In very gSgg]!?!!* 
ancient times 
celebrations of 
this kind were 
accompan- 
ied with sac- 
rifices of ani- 
mals, and with' 
out doubt, 
originally, o 1 
human beings. 

These same celebrations in a modified form were very common 
throughout the European nations at a later period, but during 
the middle ages they were gradually merged into church festi- 
vals, and afterwards existed as a means of observing the 
various Saints' days, particularly St. John's, or Mids.vmmer 

vc— the evening before the 24th of June — which was one of 



the most joyous and universally observe.1 festivals. Chambers 
thus describes this celebration: 

"Fires were kindled chiefly in the streets and market-places 
of the towns, as at Paris, Metz, etc.; sometimes, as at Gern- 

tS*8SSi2!^ ! Cs r i^S^ , 8i j h - eim ' m the 

M&.%^^M*SS££n ^district of 

Mainz, they 
were blessed by 
t h e parish- 
priest, and 
i' rayer and 
•raise offered 
intil they had 
mrned out; 
iut, as a rule, 
hey were secu- 
ar in their 
sharacter, and 
•onducted by 
le laity them- 
selves. The 
young people 
ped over the 
f 1 a m e s , or 
irew flowers 
ir garlands in- 
to them, with 
merry shout- 
ings; songsaud 
ances were 
also a frequent 
accompani- 
ment. At a 
iter period 
the very high. 
est personage : 
■ took part in 
these festivi- 
ties. ... The 
kindling of 

the fire, the leaping over or through the flames, and the flower 
garlands, clearly show that these rites are essentially of heathen 
origin, and of a sacrificial character. They are obviously 
connected with the worship of the sun, and were doubtless 
practiced long before the Baptist was born. In old heathen 
times, Midsummer and Yule, that is, the sunnier and win 





273 



JUYEITILE INSTRUCTOR. 



solstices were the two greatest and most widespread festivals in 
Europe. The church could not abolish these; it could only 
change their name, and try to find something iu the hietory of 
Christianity that would justify the alteration." 

The following old rhyme also illustrates the usual festival on 
that occasion: — 

'•Then doth the joyfull feast of John the Baptist take his turne 
When bon tires great, with loftie Maine, in everie towne doe burne; 
And young men roundabout with maides doe dance in everie 

streete. 
With garlands wrought of motherwort, or else with vervain 

sweete." 

Another bonfire celebration kept up in the Highlands of 
Scotland as late as the beginning of the f'Jth century is thus 
described by a writer of the period: 

''The young folks of a hamlet meet in the moors on the 
first of May. They cut a table iu the green sod, of a round 
figure) by cutting a trench in the ground of such circumference 
as to hold the whole company. They then kindle a fire, and 
dress a repast of eggs and milk in the consistence of a custard. 
They knead a cake of oatmeal, which is toasted at the embers 
against a stone. After the custard is eaten up, they divide-the 
cake in so many portions, as similar as possible to one another 
in size and shape, as there are persons in the company. They 
daub one of these portions with charcoal until is perfectly black. 
They then put all the bits of the cake into a bonnet, and every 
one, blindfold, draws out a portion. The bonnet-holder is 
entitled to the last bit. Whoever draws the black bit is the 
devoted person, who is to be sacrificed to Baal, whose favor 
they mean to implore in rendering the year productive. The 
devoted person is compelled to leap three times over the 
flames. 

Daring the last two centuries bonfire celebrations have 
become less popular and frequent. In some instances 
they have been put down by the governments. But even 
at the present time, at certain reasons of the year, bonfire 
celebrations are quite common in some parts of England, though 
probably in no instance is the early signification of the bonfire 
still attached to the occasions that are celebrated by it 
Where the custom is observed at all now it is generally in 
token of a bountiful harvest and on similar occasions of 
public rejoicing, when fire.- are kindled with tar barrels and 
other combustibles in the streets or on the top of some hill, 
around which the people assemble and indulge in various 
games and sports. 



_A.DR^IB HORSES. 



Speak No Bad Words.— "How is it. I don't hear you speak 
bad words?'' asked an old sailor of a boy on board a man-of- 
war. 

"Oh. cause I don't forget my captain's orders." 

"Captain's orders!" nried. the old sailor. "I did'nt know 
he gave any." 

"He did,'.', said Jem, "and I keep 'em safe here,"' putting 
his han I on his breast. "This is 'em,' said Jem, slowly and 
distinctly: ''I say unto you. Swear not at all; neither by 
heaven, tor it is God's throne : nor by 'he earth, for it is his 
footstool; neither by Jerusalem, for it is the city of the Gnat 
King. Neither shalt thou swear by thy head, because thou 
canst not make one hair white or black. Hut let your conver- 
sation b> Ven, vea: Nay. nay: for whatsoever is more than 
these Cometh of evil. 




PlETY does not consist In noise. The Lord can see you give 
the needy just as easily a- He can hear you pray the roof off. 



l"l T r. have gathered some particulars concerning the Arab 
VV horses which we thiuk will be interesting to the readers 
of the Juvenile Instructor. The Arab horse is noted all 
over the world for its speed, its beauty, its docility and endur- 
ance. The Arabs make great pets of their hotses and they are 
treated almost as though they were part of the household. 
The Bedouins divide their thoroughbreds into five races, des- 
cended, as some declare, from t^.e five favorite mares of the 
Prophet. The names, however, of these breeds vary amongst 
different tribes. According to one authority, a chief by the 
name of Suttum, who, Layard, the English traveler, says was 
better acquainted with the history and traditions of the Bed- 
ouins than almost any Arab he ever met, they are all derived 
from one original stock, the Koheyleh, which, in course of 
tinier was divided, after the names of celebrated mares into 
five branches. These form the "Kamse," or the five breeds 
from which alone entire horse.- are chosen to propagate the 
race. From the "Kamse" have sprung a number of families 
no less noble perhaps than the original five, but their stallions 
are received with suspicion. There is one breed called the 
Wathna Kersan, so called from the mares being said to be 
worth their weight in gold. 

The prices given for Arab horses would appear enormous to 
English or Americans. We read of a sheikh of the great 
tribe of the Al Dhofyr, who was offered and refused for a 
mare no less than six thousand dollars, aud not unfrequently 
five thousand dollars in gold have been given to sheikhs for 
mares. To understand how a man, who has perhaps not even 
bread to feed himself aud his children, can withstaud the 
temptation of such large sum.- when offered for his mare, it 
must be remembered that besides the affection proverbially felt 
by the Bedouin for his mare, which might, per 1 aps not be 
proof against such a test, he is entirely dependent upon bet- 
tor his happiness, his glory, and, indeed, his very existence. 
An Arab possessing a horse unrivalled in speed aid endurance 
is entirely his own master, and can defy the world. < )nce on 
its back, no one can catch nim. He may rob, plunder, fight, 
and go to and fro as be lists. He believes in the word of his 
prophet Mahommed, that "noble and fierce breads of horses 
are true riches. " Without his mare money would be of no 
value to him. It would either become the prey of some one 
more powerful and better mounted than himself, or would be 
spent in festivities, or would be distributed among his kinsmen. 
He could only keep his gold by burying it in some secret place, 
an 1 of what use would it then be to one who is never two days 
iu the same spot, and who wander- over a space of three or 
four hundred miles in the course of a lew months? 

No man has a keener sense of the joys of liberty and a 
heartier hatred of restraint than the true Bedouin. Give him 
the desert, his mare and his Spear, and he will not envy the 
wealth and power of the greatest of the earth. He plunders 
and robs for the mere pleasure and excitement which danger 
and glory afford. All he takes he divides among his friends, 
and he gladly risks his li+'e to get that which he spends in an 
hour. An Arab will beg all day for a shirt or handkerchief, 
and five minutes after he has obtained it he will give it to the 
first person who may happen to admire it. 

On one occasion Layard, the traveler, met with a tribe to 
which Suttum belonged; one of this tribe was riding a bay 
filly for which one hundred camels had been offered. Sahi- 
nian. Suttum 's elder brother, was riding on a bav horse, whose 
fame had spread far and wide amongst the tribes and whose 
exploits were a constant theme of praise and wonder. He 



H 





J U -V E 1ST I !_, E I1TSTRUCTOR. 



279 





had established his fame when but two year.- old. The father 
of his owner was chief of the Shamiuar, and his name was 
Ferhan. He, with a number of warriors, had crossed the 
Euphrates to plunder some neighboring tribe-. They were 
met by a superior force and were completely defeated. The 
best mares of the tribe fell into the hands of the enemy and 
the bay colt alone, .although followed by i he fleetest horses of 
the enemy, distanced his pursuers. Such noble qualities, 
united with the purest blood, rendered him worthy to be look- 
ed upon as the public property of the Shammar, and no sum 
of money would induce his owner to part with him. He was 
set apart to propagate the race of the finest horses in Meso- 
potamia. In size he was email, but large in bone and of excel- 
lent proportion. Layard says that on all sides he heard 
extrordinary instances of his endurance and speed. 

A mare is generally the property of two or more persons 
who have a share in her progeny, regulated by custom, and 
differing according to the tribe. The largest number of 
horses, as well as those of the most esteemed breeds are to be 
found amongst the tribes who inhabit Mesopotamia and the 
great plains watered by the Euphrates and Tigris. These 
rich pastures, nourished by the rains of winter and spring, 
the climate, and — according to the Arabs — the brackish water 
of the springs rising in the gypsum, seem especially favor- 
able to the rearing of horses. As some of these tribes are 
constantly at war, plundering and robbing one another almost 
daily, their horses are continually changing owners. As an 
evidence of the pride they feel in their race of horses, it is 
related that if in a conflict mares have been captured, it is 
perfectly safe for a messenger to go from the successful party 
to the defeated to learn from them the breed of the mares. 
Whenever a horse falls into the hands of an Arab his first 
thought is to ascertain its descent. If the owner be dis- 
mounted in battle, or if he be even about to receive his death 
blow from the spear of his enemy, he will frequently exclaim 
''0 Fellan! (such a one) the mare that fate has given to you, 
is of noble blood. She is of the breed of so-and-so, and her 
dam is ridden by so-and-so," as the case may be. Nor will a 
lie come from a Bedouin as to the race of his mare. He is 
proud of her noble qualities and will testify to them as he 
dies. After a battle or a foray the tribes who have taken 
horses from the enemy will send an envoy to ask their breed; 
and a person so chosen passes from tent to tent unharmed, 
hearing from each man, as he eats his bread, the descent and 
qualities of the animal he may have lost 

Amongst men who attach the highest value to the pure 
blood of their horses and who have no written pedigree, for 
amongst the Bedouins documents of this kind do not exist, 
such customs are necessary. The descent of a horse is pre- 
served by tradition and the birth of a colt is an event known 
to the whole tribe. If a townsman or stranger buy a horse, 
and is desirous of having written evidence of its race, the 
seller, with his friends, will come to the nearest town to testify 
before a person, specially qualified to take the evidence, called 
the "cadi of the horses," who makes out a written pedigree, 
accompanied by various prayers and formularies from the 
Koran used on such occasions, and then affixes to it his seal. 
It would be considered disgraceful to the character of a true 
Bedouin to give false testimony on such an occasion, and his 
word is usually received with implicit confidence. Do you not 
think this is in striking contrast with the conduct of jockeys 
in this country? 

The Arab horse is more remarkable for its exquisite sym- 
metry and beautiful proportions, united with wonderful 
powers of endurance, than for extraordinary speed. Layard, 



writing in 1853, said he doubted whether any Arab horse of 
the best blood had ever been brought to England. The dif- 
ficulty of obtaining them is so great, that they were scarcely 
ever seen beyond the limits of the desert. Their color is 
generally white, light or dark grey, light chestnut, and bay 
with white or black feet. Biack is exceedingly rare, and 
Layard says he never remembered seeing a dun, sorrel, or 
dapple. He refers in this description to the true-bred Arab 
and not to the Turcoman or to Kurdish and Turkish races 
which are a cross between the Arab and the Persian. 

Their average hight is from fourteen to fourteen and three 
quarters hands, rarely reaching fifteen. Notwithstanding the 
smallness of their stature they often possess great strength 
and courage. Layard was credibly informed that a celebrated 
mare of the Manekia breed carried two men in chain armor, 
beyond the reach of their pursuers. But their most remark- 
able and valuable quality is the power of performing long and 
arduous marches upon the smallest possible allowance of food 
and water. It is only the mare of the wealthy Bedouin that 
gets even a regular feed of about twelve handsful of barley or 
rice in the husk, once in twenty-four hours. During the 
spring alone, when the pastures are green, the horses of the 
Arabs are sleek and beautiful iu appearance. At other times 
they eat nothing but the withered herbs and scanty hay 
gathered from the parched soil, and are lean and unsightly. 
They are never placed under rover during the intense heat of 
an Arabian summer nor protected from the biting cold of the 
desert winds during winter. The saddle is rarely taken from 
their backs, nor are they ever cleaned or groomed. Thus 
apparently neglected they are but skin and bone, and the man 
from the town who goes on to the desert, marvels at seeing an 
animal, which he would scarcely take the trouble to ride home, 
valued almost beyond price. Although docile as a lamb, and 
requiring no other guide than the halter, when the Arab mare 
hear.s the war cry of the tribe, and sees the quivering spear of 
her rider, her eyes glitter with fire, her blood-red nostrils open 
wide, her neck is nobly arched and her mane and tail are 
raised and spread out to the wind. The Bedouin proverb 
says that a high-bred mare, when at full speed should hide 
her rider between her neck and her tail. 

The Shammar Bedouins give their horses, particularly when 
young, large quantities of camels' milk, and dates are fre- 
quently mixed with their food by the tribes living near the 
mouth of the Euphrates. Some of the tribes shoe their 
horses if possible, and wandering farriers regu'arly visit their 
tents. If an Arab of those tribes caunot afford to shoe his 
mare entirely he will shoe her fore feet. The shoes, like those 
used in all parts of the east, consist of thin iron plates, cover- 
ing the whole foot except a small hole in the centre. They 
arc held by six nails, are clumsily made, and usually more 
clumsily put on. 

The Arab horse has but two ordinary paces — a quick and 
easy walk, sometimes averaging between four and five miles an 
hour, and a half ruuuiug canter. The Bedouin rarely puts 
his mare to full speed unless pursued or pursuing. In racing, 
the Arabs, and indeed Easterns in general, have no idea that 
the weight carried by the rider makes any difference. 



Sloth makes all things difficult, but industry all easy ; and 
he that riseth late must trot all day, and shall scarcely overtake 
his business at night; while laziness travels so slowly, that 
poverty soon overtakes him. 



NoTiHNfi overcomes passim [more than silenc 



re. 





I 



JUVBITILE I1TSTRTJOTOR 



the art op PK.iisrarizsro. 



BT ROLLO. 



( Continued. ) 




PRINTING IN AMERICA. 

Printing was first introdu - d into imarica atMexico, bj tl a 
Viceroy Mendoza, in 1536, and the first book printed in 
America was the EscalaespirilualdeSanJvanCKmaco. It 
is not certain that a copy of the book now exists. The oldest 

1 k now extant is the Manual de Adultos, of the date of 

1546; and four leaves are all that remain of the book, which 
are to be found in the library of thecathedral of Toledo. The 
Trim.' of the fiivt printer is a matter of doubt. 

Cambridge, Mass., is entitled to the distinction of having the 
first printing press in North America, which was under the 
charge of one Stephen Dive, and for which the colony was 
indebted to the' Reverend Jesse Glover, a minister of consider- 
able estate, who left Kng'and to settle among his friends n 
Massachusetts. Some gentlemen of Amsterdam, about the 
year 1638, also "gave h ward furnishing of a printing pre s 
forty-nine p mndsand sotn sihinsvnore:" The fint bonk is t: t] 
was the Bay Psalm Bonk in 1640. 

The iir-t I'onk issued in th • mid lie colonies was an ah 

primed by William Bradford in 1685, near Philadelphia. Only 
''' ies of this aln ■ | nown to be in existence. The 

foil iwing is the a Idress of "th ■ primer to the readers," •■ I t 
will doubtl tl I erf is used in pi a 

but it is not; i tiplj th,. s that was i- i 

the i '•■n I in ■■ ■ 

• : KT,,\ DERS. 

n - ' ■ ■■ !■■•''•• •!•'■■•■'■ ■■ • , • ,] ,. .. Tro , b , e , • 
' ' M OK Pkintino il)l i 

"' ' ■ : " V he i it ', ivie.. In y„u in ("el 

' ' I : ■ : mly in this Al 

1 |>m the ufu & ft-rvic ' the. 

mi ■ i , polarities there be in thi 
■ ■ , year; tor being 

', ': e<l & out of Orel* , . : 
irious Si 

if thi : .he 
1 ' ' ■■ public this; di ; " 

[find encouni m 
! |>!cal Am, I for threat', ,,: CI 

; ' ' &t ' ■ I I' 11 , 1 ! ; ■ ' hliink Kills, Bonds, I 

" . ; ■ '■■ . ,V ,vl .,. . Id 

■ ■ I y to ierve you; and n n ii , 

fri.nd. 

I ' ' the 

■ I ' '■'■ - 

' E rland by Willinn P 

- : ■- hi pr . pective colony the U ne- 

, , 1 Cord, in IC 13, re red lo Xow 

n of Pennsylvania 
1 ' !o the press. < v ■ Iii 

. . ' 1 printer to that colon; 

'•; "-5i in ' I I he establish, d 

: paper ] ;:' ' : bi : . 

' : ' . re and useful !i , 

,.;.! years. 

...''' \ ■' a war the 

- v " ' which w; !' . • i ,:• ,| by John Cam] 

' . \pril 24, 170-1 ' ' ' ■ ularly publi.-l 

" ' ' ■ Tl i n , . -h,-;/- .to , Go t , 

riroLer 21 ■ 1710. The third was the Is 



1hJi.iL .. , .i . 

'- 

til 

' 



\V. BUAI).' 



on 




Weekly Mercury, :s vied iii Philadelphia \ i I ■ Bradford 
on Dec. 22, 1719. James Franklin, an elder brother ot Ben- 
jamin, e tal li he I the New England O want, August 17, 1721. 
( To he Continued.) 



-~q^.- a » 



I'orie^ 







RT J. L. BARFOOT. 



OUR COAL, 

PROFESSOR KtNGSLEY, in his popular work on Tov, N I ' ologj , 

' II '■;. n aders to "learn science by mere common seme; 
try toexplain the unknown by li ,." This is 

' il ' : " J - The Sreat success of modem, compared with 

' of i aching is owing to the ud, p ion of these 
principles. 
We may , . , the e ,., thod loqu ' , 
I use we find it bere in these 

. for our use Whai is ,,■,' ,. " u ? 

'.. ,. ' ' ' ;; ' ■" ' n-i : 

and other ancient cli ,„i t -■ that vvl n , | 

' bl : or bu din the ea I 1 ,, . , 

' . . -wholly excluded from 

■ : ■ ' ; '■ id coal, oi n ' a 

*V"'d which i i ,,.., | i; i , 

! 
■ ■'■ ' hat i bi In 





li till id, an ! 



' ' ; ' " .,:t 

1 n 

li, ■' ■ lif imj ,.,.. v ,., in the form 
I. 

' ' " ' ' " n :f; M,,rl it ia 

Fcund under tl | ■ | f ,, pi - 






I 



i ••■ I li . 



it is f, 

i . 

'•. this did not 

" ' '■'■"' -l li «ood it mu.,, 

buried th the mountains ., b] ,. 

!""• accumulate 1 in inmicii , quanfitie . Row hallwei I i n 

I 'th known? Ar tl .vitntal 

in itter' 
T ' ' ' ' : ; about thai time th . ■ ... „ | :„ 

. ' i :; tl, .. ;. ' c , ' 

' ^alarg-e ,aan ityofi . , tter entirely 

' ' " ; ;: t0|, y " f ' ,hi ' Peat bed i i :; kll0Wu; tha 
m:i o . , ton had grown o„ tl pot, and tal ' 
",;"; "' tlwhi h hud lecayedand) | | illto 

;, , ,'. ' , : , " ' k ,-y ,„i , hen :.. ;;; 

, . ;,.' ' ' ■■' ; ' ' ■: ' ftuj u i, a 
'• ■ ■"" 1 ■■■>' I ' ii ia.-i i, .' : ;. uvege 

;.'"'. r " I la Peat-ueds are found much larger than 

llH > ' v " ' ' ie P e 'l ''■ '-■■.,■•, ir.ilitin-, in lie sa , . ,| 

™ y ';" '■'[- ■ and where the peat lias become almost as solid 
, • , ■ '' , ' bcl " I ' tci ,re found 

, '"" , '' " : n^M by which the peat has 

' '" levci " '"■■.' •■ I 'by the mere weight of 




J" IT \7" IE 1ST I H. IE I1TSTBUCTOB 



281 




the peat iilone. Sand-rock is formed by deposit of water, and 
when left to consolidate for ages it sometimes becomes very 
hard ; and capable of preserving vegetable matter froni decay. 
It is the air, or rather the oxygen of the air, (hat causes decay, 
or. speaking in chemical terms, decomposition. Now, it is 
always found that whenever vegetable matter is buried up in 
such a way as to exclude the air from it, decomposition is 
arrested, and the vegetable substance undergoes a change that 
gives it the appearance of being charred and blackened just as 
the peat is. 

( Tn lie Cnn'iiinfi/.) 



POLTTBFB3S I?,J±i"W"^.I^X)BID. 



BY IHT1H KNOrtGH. 




IN the year 1S5", the idea was conceived«by the Committee of 
Council on Education, of Great Britain, to bold a Univi rsal 
Educational Exhibition in their metropolis, and to invite the 
representatives of education from all civilrzed countries to 
exhibit the bo iks and appsiratinu.se 1 in their respective schools 
and to explain by lectures orotherwise their systems of in-,tr«r'- 
tion. Specimens of writing, composition, mechanism, etc. 
from the pupils were also called for. 

St. Martin's J lulls, a suite of largo, hand some li dls, situated 
in Long Acre, London, were engaged, and by the first of May 
of the above nam >d year, these vast halls an 1 iinti 'rooms were 
picked with exhibits from all parts of the world, from all toe 
citie3, towns and villages of Great Britain and Ireland from 
Am irioa, Africa, Australasia, an 1 < ven some from Asia. 

This great exposition caused immense excitement and i mi- 
petition among those interested in the cause of education, and 
on the day of the ripening the halls were crowded with the 
great men of the nation and the r< pre i i I itives from other 
countries. His Royal Highness, Prince Albert, the great and 
good husband of Queen S ictoria, was president, and opened 
the exhibition in person It continued open for three m n h . 
and hundreds_of thousands uf people from all i idsired 

the exhibition, an I altogether il was a i 

Committee n re appoin '. o examine and award certlficaus 
a id liplom is m tli • ;li iii • an 1 difl'oi out systei i 
and ui mr a boy's an 1 girl shea I fell pr m 1 a id h i p ;i : . id 
in ■ ' '. : i i tor. Now 

only think ly, to try a Leii 

: . i to Wj t h and pe r I 

diploma a ra i , he ■ 
"Hugh Kn 
• 
ii.'', . ' '. Iii> diploma 

as one of tli i 

i 
were tin . . i • he 

had i 

[t aba 

of 1 in training a teach 

system at the St. Ma iehnn 

L md m, i lied L'l 

direi I I he Hon. \i i ' 

was also th i ' suii irintendcnt of all th 

school of England ml ' ' nl if ins] 

visited our schoo . S no ime liefo • [lie exhibi ion o| J 

he calleJ up id tin , ipal of our school, and to whom . 

articled, and tol I him thai he wanted a smart, active, bui i i\"i 
all, a polite lad, to act :i hi- secretary and attendant during the 



run of the exhibition. He hid often laken notice ol me before 
tin-, and generally tipped me half a crown when on a visit; so 
on this oc-asion he pointed at me and said "that is the fellow 
I would like to have if you could spare him." My preceptor 
replied that he wa< only too proud of the honor, and I could 
go by all means. So I was installed in office with a good salary, 
and became, as some gentlemen nicknamed me, ".Mr. Mitch- 
ell's shadow. " My work was very light audi bad a splendid 
chance of studying at leisure the good things provide l-ior the 
instruction of the youth, which I endeavored to po5 by, and 
C did so in tell where almost, every article in the building was 
placed. 

One morning about 9 o'clock Prince Albert came with his 
two eldest sons, the Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred (now 
the Duke of Edinburgh), and their private tutors. Mr. Mitch- 
ell waited upon the royal party and I waited upon Mr. Mitchell. 
While he was in conversation with Prince Albert, he turned 
round and caught hold of my arm, saying, "Your Royal Iligh- 
n 'ss, this is the kind of material we make our national teachers 
out of," when the Prince spoke a few encouraging words to 
me. 

Often aft r this the young princes would come with their 
t it ii- in the morning before the public were admitted, and, 
1> ling about my own age, T was left to escort them around the 
1 ! ' lin?, while their tutors and Mr. Mitchell talked education. 
I was greatly taken with Prince Alfred, for I thought him a 
ir frank, open-hearted fellow; but, the Prince of Wales at 
that tiiu • I classed in my boyish mental catalogue as a "spoon- 
e;;" for he had not that healthful vigor and animal spirits his 
1. other had. I will tell you by and by how T. years afterward, 
met Prince Alfred in another pare of the world. 

Some-young readers of the Instructor, I believe, wi.-h at 

ti ues that they weie the children of great people, and then 

th ly could do as they wish, get up and go to bed when they 

• have no work to do and so forth. Now thi- i- a great 

■or, for no one's children are more thoroughly disciplined and 

have to work harder at their studies than Queen Victoria's. 

\ s v ni sec, these princes were out and at work at nine o'clock in 

' ■ i irning, the time. I am sorry to" say, when ome of our 

boys and girls are "creeping like snails, unwillingly to school." 

In my next I will tell you how, through the recommendation 

of Mr. Mitchell, I was apj I the close of tl 

t i a still more honored p isition. 

readers, in describing ] in the future, 

from U13 , I may say, do not wish you 

: ■' ■ ' I) ' to :i tsc end 

■iici you an 1 in ' in ' nuccssa ily 

isionally of 111, ' - , you 

!i .<:. ■■.'.-■"' ! ' much 

in liter. 



in lis faru 1 ■ ■'•'■ 111 

, , ■ lot, and on the to fir.' I •aril ' ,1 ng 

ill for a lock of 1 ' rn 1. there i 1 ■' hi ig 

., I t .1 irkablfi aboul that. Ho w 1' into a ha i in the 

3 one day last ivi 1 k, where he had mil I he 1. 1 ■ 1 

lintance with the eattli and ! nil nol ly followed 

11 until be left the lot, bur to ik the i'o off th ■ bin ;es and 

rilli hi 111 to the lion c in the most familiar waj possible. 

, he ha , no <iu li 1 Id fellow would have 

ci Had for something if In hud waited a little while, but he 

it to keep the folks bailing lor dinner, so in huug 

one tail of his coat and a piece ufhi- pant-on the bull's horns 
and went into the bouse. 



At 



*l 




sss 



JTJYBITILE IHSTBUCTOR. 




^hq |)ttrimil$ |(n»frnd0t[. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1875. 





EDITORIAL THZOTJC3-IITS. 

• NBELIEF is one of the crying sins of the 
age. Men have generally ceased to be- 
lieve in a God who hears and answers 
prayer, especially men who call them- 
selves educated. They smile with some- 
thing like contempt at a faith that teach- 
es men to trust in God, or that leads them 
to expect He will interpose in their behalf. 
Those who think they have considerable 
faith in God go no farther than to believe that 
He governs the universe by great and immuta- 
ble laws, and that there are no special provi- 
dences; in other words, that men prosper ac- 
cording to their abilitv, their wisdom or their strength 
and that when they fail it is because they do not 
possess the qualities necessary to success. The senti- 
ment attributed to Napoleon Bonaparte embodies the 
ideas of the world upon this point: "Providence is on the side 
of the heaviest artillery." That is, the heaviest guns, best 
directed, are always sure to win the battle. In the estimation 
of the people who entertain such views as this, Providence, or 
God, does not interfere in the affairs of men. Many times 
have men who are not atheists smiled at what they thought was 
the simplicity of the Editor of the Juvenile Instructor when 
he has spoken to them in a tone of trustfulness in God to the 
effect that He would deliver His people. They did not appear 
to believe a word of it ; yet those same men have afterwards 
expressed surprise at the wonderful manner in which the Latter- 
day Saints had been delivered from perils with which they were 
threatened. But there was no disposition to give God the 
glory for this. To man's ability, shrewdness, management or 
cunning the credit for all this must be given. This is one 
reason for the many predictions which have been made respecting 
the speedy overthrow ot what men call "Mormonism." Not 
believing in God's care or providence, many have thought it 
impossible that "Mormonism" could live and contend with and 
overcome the odds that were arrayed against it. Its followers 
few in number, illiterate, poor and friendless, how could such 
persons believe it would live ? But it has lived, has grown, 
has gathered strength and has made its mark in the world; 
how then? Mr. Skeptic, you who believe in providence always 
being on the side of the strongest and most numerous, in the 
earthly sense of these words, how do you account for "Mor- 
onism" having prospered as it has? "( >h," says Mr. Skeptic 
in reply, "that is easily explained, you have been favored by 
circumstances, and then yon Mormons have had a shrewd, 
capable leader; he has managed affairs wonderfully well." 

Thus the world reason. They watch and wait for something 
to happen to President Young and then the history of "Mor- 
monism," they think, will soon be ended. So they thought 
during the life time of the Prophet Joseph. "Let us kill him," 
said the wicked, (into whose hearts Satan put thisevil thought) 
"and then the Mormons will soon break up and cease to be an 
organized people. He is the master-mind ; he holds them 
ether; let us, therefore, put him out of the way." 



They did so, and with what results the world now knows. 

We were conversing with a very intelligent- gentleman not 
long since respecting the faith of the Latter-day Saints. Among 
other things we said to him that they believed that God heard 
and answered prayer when offered to Him in faith and in the 
name of His sou Jesus. The conversation was a lengthy one; 
but we'mention this one point to show our young readers the 
views of a moral, educated man upon this subject. 

Saidghe, "Suppose a man were the only survivor, in mid ocean, 
of a crew whose vessel had gone down, and he was floating on a 
portion of the wreck; of what use would prayer be to him then? 
You do not believe, do you, that his prayers, how strong soever 
the faith might be with which they were offered, could save 
him?" 

We replied that even under those circumstances the Lord 
would be near to hear and answer prayer and to deliver those 
who put their trust in Him. Said we, "how easy it would be 
for the Lord to move upon a captain of a ship to steer in the 
direction of the man, and to cause the attention of the crew or 
of some one aboard to be attracted to the floating object. Does 
not the experience of every man teach him that he is frequently 
led to do things for which he can not account at the time ; but 
which, after he has done them, he sees good reasons for being 
led to do? Now," continued we, "a man who trusts in the 
Lord, who prays to Him, will not be left in such a position that 
he cannot receive the help which he needs. If it was the will 
of God that one of His servants should not perish at sea, He 
would have a means of deliverance at hand when itwasneeded. 
He would not be left in mid-ocean far from all help ; for the 
Lord would probably provide for his safety before he reached 
that extremity." 

It seemed strange to him that we should believe that God 
would do any thing to help us because of our prayers. Prayer 
might have a mental effect upon the person indulging in it but 
he seemed incapable of understanding how it could accomplish 
beyond this. Yet this gentleman would have felt insulted to 
be called anything but a Christian ! and we presume he listened 
to us with the curiosity that he might have in listening to a 
Hindoo or a Mohammedan talk. 

Now this is a fair sample of the present ideas of a large 
number of the people of this nation. They have allowed them- 
selves to drift into an utter unbelief in a living, personal God, 
who takes interest in the affairs of mankind and who controls 
all events for the fulfilment of His purposes. They do not see 
Him; they do not hear Him ; He is not perceptible to any of 
their physical senses. They probably never met with any one 
who knew anything about Him, or if they did, they thought 
him a credulous creature who was self-duped. Because God 
has ^iven them their agency, they run away with the idea, that 
there is no God, or if there is, that He gives himself no con- 
cern about the earth or man, and has left him to do as he 
pleases. 

Is not this a terrible condition to be in? What a dreadful 
thought for the poor, struggling soul, surrounded by difficulties, 
trials and temptations, conscious of his own weakness, that 
there is no being greater than man who has an eye to pity and 
an arm to save him? Oh, how thankful should the Latter-day 
Saints and their children be for God s revelations to them ! 
He has told them to lean upon Him, to call upon Him, that 
His ear is always open to their cries, His eyes are constantly 
upon them and His arms are stretched out to save them. Are 
we sick? in distress? afflicted? helpless? friendless? or in trouble 
of any I. 'nd? we can go unto our Bather in heaven and call upon 
Him: lie will listen to our plaints; in all cur sorrows we will 
find Him a kind and symphathetie listener. Man cannot 





J" TJ"V EUILE IWSTRTJOTOB. 



283 




relied upon, however good his intentions, however kind his 
heart may be, for he is mortal ; there are bounds to his ability 
and power. Hence, God has said, "Cursed is he that putteth 
his trust in man or maketh flesh his arm." But how different 
it is with the Lord ! He never fails. He has all power to help 
and to save. This knowledge, Juveniles, is worth more than 
all the riches of the world to those who possess it; therefore, 
seek for and cling to it. 




BY HETH. 



THE SHAD. 

rpHE common Shad is extremely plentiful on some of our 
_L coasts, but appears to be a rather local fish, and while it 





abounds in some places is wholly absent from others. The 
color of the Shad is dark blue on the upper part of the head 
and back, variegated with glosses or reflections of brown and 
green, either color predominating according to the angle at with 
the light falls upon the surface. 

This fish resembles the herring in shape. It belongs to the 
genus Alausa. The American Shad ( Alamo, prctstah His) is 
well represented in the picture. The habits, however, of this 
fish arc entirely differeut to those of the herring, which is one 
of the most abundant of the tinny tribes, found in most of the 
northern seas, and supplying thousands of the poorer classes 
with food. 

THE PIKE. 

The fierce and voracious Pike has well earned its titles of 
Fresh-water Shark and River Pirate, for though perhaps not 
one whit more desruelive to animal life than the roach, gudgeon, 
and other harmless fish, the prey which it devours are of larger 
size, and its means of destruction are so conspicuous and power- 
ful that its name has long been a by-word for pitiless rapacity. 
The Pike seems to have no limit to its size, for it is a very long- 
lived fish, and seemsalways to increase in dimensions, provided 

it be well supplied 
with food. A fish of 
ten or twelve pounds 
weight is considered 
to be a fine specimen, 
- though there have 
nke has attained more than five 
times the latter wight. These huge fishes of sixty or seventy 
pound* are. however, of Tittle value for the table. 

The Pike belonss to a family of soft-finned fishes, all of 
which are reui.nki.hie for voracity. The Pike proper [Esox 
eslor) is found in our North American lakes, as well as in our 
large rivers. It is also much sought after by sportsmen in the 
rivers of Great Britain, in which country it is considered 
worthy of the skill of the best anglers, as well as a choice deli- 
cacy for the table. The pickerels are smaller varieties of the 
same family. 




THE C A R P . ( Cyprinus carpio. ) 
The carp, found both in rivers and lakes in Europe, in some 
places, among which the royal palaces of France may be men- 
tioned, will often grow to an enormous size, and become absurdly 
tame, crowding to tne bank on the least encouragement, and 
poking their great snouts out of the water in anxious expecta- 
tion of the desired food. It is most curious to watch these 
great creatures swimming lazily along, and to see how completely 
they have lost the inherent dread of man by the exercise of 
their reasoning powers, which tell them that the once feared 
biped on the bank will do them no harm, but in all probability 
will be the means of indulging their appetite with favorite food. 
The Carp is one of the fish that retains its life for a lengthened 
period, even when removed from the water, and if carefully 
packed m wet moss, so as to allow a free circulation of air, will 
survive even for weeks. 

The genus cyprinus contains the Carps proper. The beauti- 
ful little gold fish, the pet of the aQuarium, belongs to this 
family, and was originally brought from China. It breeds in 
ponds in various parts of America and Europe and is exceed- 
ingly prolific. These tiny fish require much care when kept in 
aquariums or vases. Fresh water must be frequently supplied 
to them, unless the water is properly aerated by the natural 
method of growing .suitable vegetation, or by pumping fresh 
air into it. The little fellows must be carefully fed, not on 
bread, which makes the water sour, but with fresh meat, nicely 
minced and daintily fed to them. They will soon repay atten- 
tion by approaching the 
hand that feed them, and 
by gliding about with a 
satisfied, contented look 
that hungry and nearly 
starved fish never possess, 




«^-a «»■ o»&»- 



FRANKLTN's Wife.— To promote her husband's interest, 
she attended to his little shop, where she bought rags, sewed 
pamphlets, folded newspapers and sold what few articles he 
dealt in, such as ink, papers, lamp-black, blanks, and other 
stationery. At the same time she was an excellent house- 
keeper, and besides being economical herself taught her some- 
what careless, disorderlj husband to be pconomical also. 
Sometimes Franklin was clothed from head to foot in garments 
which his wite had both woven and made, and for a long time 
she performed all the work of the house without the assistance 
of a servant. 

Nevertheless, she knew lion to be libera 
Franklin tells us thai for several years after 
breakfast was bread and milk, which they 
penny earthen vessel with a pewter spoon; 
on going down to his breakfast, he found 
beautiful china howl, from which his bread ami milk was 
steaming, with a silver spoon by its side, which had cost a 
sum in our currency of sin. "When he expressed his astonish- 
ment at the unwonted splendor, Mis. Franklin only remarked 
that she thought her husband deserved a silver spoon ami bowl 
as much as any of his neighbors. 

Franklin prospered in his business until he became the most 

flourishinn printer in America, which gave him tin- pleasure 

of relieving his wife from the cares of business, and enabled 

him to provide for her a spacious and well furnished abode. 

She adorned a high station as well as she had borne a lowly 
one, and presided at her husband's libera] table as when he ate 
a breakfast ofbread and milk from an earthen bowl ' 
life of Frit uli , iin. 



at proper times, 
his marriage, his 
ate out of a two 
but one morning, 
upon the table a 





284 



T TT 



T>7 1 



I. 1ST 



R- 



<DJEc. 



^ 



CRUELTY TO ^ISriiyi:A.T_,S. 



BV JOHN HOWARD. 



111 \vk on many occasions seen the wanton acts of cruelty of 
bad boys towards little biid.s — those pretty little feathered 
songsters that enliven our homes and help to give an air of 
refinement aDd cheerfulness t« our otherwise sterile looking 
country. Instead of destoying them, they should be fostered. 
They are the farmers' and gardeners' be.-t friends. They elear 
the vines and shrubbery of the insects that feed upon the 
leaves, and pick from the ground the grubs that would other- 
wise ei t off the young vegetation. This fact alone should 
ensure their protection; and t tie child possessing kind feelings 
would not harm them, but feel pleased to see them skipping 
about from branch to branch, enjoying their iunoccnt 
sport'. 

On board ship it is very common for the crew to buy large 
numbers of birds; and the tender care of the sailors to them 
is in striking contrast with the rough exterior of most of the 
hardy mariners. Tin' little creatures do indeed seem to give 
an air of comfort am! companionship on the lonely ocean. 
The sailors feed them and treat them with the greatest kind- 
ness; ; n fact, th" superstitious an g them regard it as ;ui 

ill omen to kill a bird at sea; and largo numbers of them may 
frequently lie seen circling round a -hip. 

No a l»t us take a look at thai lot of boys standing by the 
feme. They are watching for something. One is peeping at 
some little birds that are pickii g 11] a: canty meal of crumbs 
thrown to them from yonder hoti e. Just look '.villi what 
caution they creep up; and, I dodecare, each oiie has some- 
thing in bis band — 1 believe it is one of those confounded 
flippers, lift us watch their mana'uvers. 

The first buy is telling his companions to make less uoise 
for tear of scaring (be bird-. Ami now observe with what 
stealthy, cat-like movements il nach the place where 

all can get a g 1,-le.t. They an ■■ , pari 1] go their 

•. of destruction. :' ' ■ . 1 • iscliarged their 

pebble; -oi.l just look at the • ' ■ I ■ ' Th < are no 

less thai ir littl I and 1 I illi tl — ix in all 

destroyed. Those wounde. e ii 
broken, the 01 h t two hit 1 bi dy. 

Jo-! I 11 ise the^e boys bestow 1 pon 

on ' ai ither. They look pon n u ' :i In roe for 

what? '• ■ ' ! An - our 

ha it on be . 1 : can ■ to the 

h ho is our 

1; 1 

.... 

■ ■ would 1« 

lead or wri r in 

;i 1 ■,■! ■ ', I 

: ... 1 , .1 and I say 
that the L ;l rig of tl : little inn i< 

II ■':■■.- i., 1 ll ■■ ,■■ 1 . , 1 , , ,..| ag 

■ "ii! 1 toward ; mr companions. 
!' 1 thi« v mnding a ■ : killina. Von take a life 

• and whicl 



n 



1 

1 

he just ind: 



1 lay 

I 




M 
is th a m Creator of us al 

i' a are about such erne' 



1 you cannot rcsl or •: and in 
in tl ighl F ITin who 
And there is an ither dan 
indulgence that it would be 



well for you to think of. A disposition to be cruel in childhood 
is apt to develop into reckless desperation iu more mature 
years. In other words, the boy who can unfeelingly commit 
acts of cruelty on animals when he is young is apt to become 
mo'-e hardened and daring as he grows older, unless the dis- 
position i< restrained, until when he becomes a man he will be 
ready to maim or murder a human being on the slightest 
provocation. 

The following are true pictures: 

A boy was once out walking wilh his sister, when they found 
a nest of tiny labbits. The little girl was greatly pleased, but 
the boy, despite her tears and pleadings, cruelly killed them 
all. Tossing them high in the air, he laughed to see them fall 
on the rough, sharp stones. 

The scene changes: ten yeais have rol'e 1 away, and that 
sis-er is again weeping by her brother's side. This time he 
too is weeping — Oh, such bitter tears of remorse and repent- 
ance. On his wrists he wears a pair of fetters, and he is 
waiting for the c fficcrs of justice to enter, who are to escort 
him from the cell to the scaffold. 

"Sister," he asks, "do you remembei that nest of rabbits? 
Sister, T believe from that day God forsook me. If you allow 
even the smallest acts of cruelty in your little ones, you are no 
doubt sowing the wind to reap the whirlwind." 

What anguish is here portrayed! And this poor soul, who, 
on the verge of the grave, reproaches himself for that <mc act 
of unkindne.-S, tells his sister that God turned His fate on 
him for his cruel sport. 

About a quarter of a century ag 1 a note 1 murder case was 
progressing in Boston, in which a certain l>r Webster was 
being tried for his life for the murder of Dr. Parkman. The 
facts of the case were as follows: 

Webster was the tenant of Parkman, who called for his 
rent. Angry words ensued, and Webster, being a man cf 
violent temper, took up a stick ami struck Parkman over the 
head. Being a feeble and tottering old man. the blow, t 1 iugh 
evidently not so intended, caused the death of Dr. Parkn an- 
Webster, by the aid of hi< knowledge of chemistry, di p ise 1 
of the body of his victim so that scarcely a trace re lained; 
notwithstanding which, he was arrested and brought to trial, 
This p,-. Webster was a man of hi h I uling in so ilil ' 
aril was highly respected I ir his ci ::'"'- atl tinments lie 
was the father of two lovely anl accomplished daughters, the 
friend of sehnl 1 i-V . in th high! of 

nient al a icial part if li r '.'■ i n 1 wh il idnigh 

he uddenl; ' ' ' the 'id r as 

cum tantial, every i ' ' firs pa-t life that could 1 

1 1 ear i ng n 1 1 ' ' . ' < ■ I ' . 

1 oj' he "■" • ..'.'■,.' 

he was a erne 1 , 11 li I T: was this: « li . just 

;; '■■■ ■' ■ ami nailed its fee I 1 the 

floor, and f 1 I lied in evident ei joymei • • ■ ■ ' 
writhin ; in iu vain to free itself 

act of ct . - 1 I li the jur li ..... I 

and hung. 

Now, my young friends, ponder well this whole subject; n,i d 
when you are tempted to kill or treat with cruelty any living 
creature, "just bo- the inn of the thing," pause and remember 
that an all-seeing eye is upon \mi. 



When you build selfishly you build frailly. When your acts 
are hostile to the br li I of your fellow-men, tl y 

seel that will one day come up we 1-, to choke vour own har- 
vest-field. J 




a"TJ"VEnsriLEi iustbtjctor 



285 




EXPERIMENT I1T 



AMONG many excellent bits of experience related in the 
autobiography of Dr. Caldwell, is the following lesson in 
civility : — 

In the year 1821, I made, in London, in a spirit of wager, 
a very decisive and satisfactory experiment as to the effect of 
civil and courteous manners on people of various ranks and 
descriptions. 

There were in iiie placea number of youag Americans, who 
often complained tome of the neglect and rudeness experienced 
by them from citizens to whom thej spoke iu the streets. 
They asserted, in particular, that as often as they requested 
direction- to any point in the city towards which they were 
proceeding, they either received an uncivil and evasive answer, 
or none at all. 

I told ill'.: thai tuy experience on the same subject Had been 
lingly different ; that I bad never failed to receive a civil 
rep] i; qu often communicating the information 

, and tha I < ould in licl] ispecting that their 

failure to receive similar i . e, in part at least, if not 

cp _ in 1 | ness, of their 

manner in m iking tl inquiries. 
The coi i'i etness oi'i!,',- charge, hoi lily denied, 

hat their manner of a kii foi 'on was good 

enongl ivhom they addressed themselves. Un- 

able to convii hen y woul f tlie i; uspicions, 

I proposed to them tlie lollowin 1 conclusive 

experiment : 

•■} t ; t us tal : ■ ill ' I irs in some 

of the publi ofti ',.'-''' I de-ign tte 

to in I , ,'...,''"._ | lions, and the 

,, hlheq le; and the only 

ion i ii po ed is. 1 . ■ .-1 lie pioposed to 

any on ■ who shall appi u grea ' : tl tressed, 

| ', : ' i"d or body, and 

no on i shaT sneak to the | I but my ilf." 



Jl 



' 



1 



' -id to work 




w i 1 T ' liny experi I I! my; .... frii i. Is 

' ■ '. I ■" my opin- 

ion ,vas right, and thci i id l hat, in our 

parage hr i igh con . In ortment may 

]. ( . madel nth a p!c isaiit an I po' n attain our ends 

and gratify our wishes. 

I inebrious to more than ; i of every n nk, 

■'■''' ' man to tl ■' in livery, and 

, .. ■ v in every i mee a : ' >r; ply. II the infor- 
: : c, ... iuipai 1 the in lividual addressed 

,1 : !c ti communi- 

cate it. 

V,'!, I .; I i.; ist to nrpri my friend was. that the 

j n ijvj | ' 'cd by nic alii . lifo idj imit.i id my own 

ti-t .,, '■'■". ' : lin spcal ' ;en- 

tl . . '.''''.. 

he did tli in hi , '. 1 wl ' ' . to a 

li'vci ieJ ' ... | his ha i Lately 

under hi- arm. 

So much may be done, and such, advantages gained, by 
simply avoiding coarseness and vtdgarit; . nd being well-bred 
and agreeable Nor can the cai e I e otlu i wi i . 

For the foundat : o of o.l-bi ling isgocd natun rid £Ood 
sense— two of the most useful and in Ii i ibl a tributei ol 

well constructed 



$ [Let it not ba forgotten, however, that good-hn ■■ Hi g is not fo 

be regarded as identical with politeness — a mistake which is too 
frequently, if uot generally committed. A person may be 
exceedingly polite without the much higher and more valuable 
accomplishment of good-breeding. 



^.Lra^^BET OIF 1 IMLAIXIIMIS. 



A grain of prudence is worth a pound of craft. 

Boasters are cousins to liars. 

Confessii n of faults makes half amends. 

Denying a fault doubles it. 

Eiivy shoots at others and wounds herself. 

Foolish fear doubles danger. 

God reaches us g 1 tilings by our ban'-. 

He has hard work who has nothing to do. 

I costs more to avenge than to forgive. 

Justice lives with b< nevolence. 

Knavery is the worst trade. 

Learuinc maki mpany for himself. 

Mode ty is a gua 1 to virtue. 

i hear ci is the way to silence it. 

One hour tod h two to morrow. 

Proud lool uake foul worl 
Quiet co '■■ i ■ ! it sle ip. 

|: | 1 

Small . let in greater. 

The I bear most hang 1 iwest. 

Up 

Virti her and hild. 

Wi . . own op; 

Y ivcr lo by do'n a I urn. 

... 

STJISTJD-A.Y LESSORS. 
FOE LI LEARN KES. 



OK TU 

q wi ' fli ' itli . ' "" Co lei baptized? 

i f] ' •' ,'■•■■ ■ hem. 

Q — Which tl I ' first? 

A _oiivi-r C v. - 

Q.— Who bii|>t - h m ' » 

A.— Joseph Smith. 
Q Who wii I | eoiid' 

A ■' 

Q ■- Wl ' him? 

A.— Olivei C ' ' 

Q._ When They wi both 1 ti I ■' ill lid they rlo? 
A. — .!... ph ordained iver to the Aaronic pricstnood, by the 
laying on of hand*. 

y._Aml wl (U\\ e I Joseph Smith? 

A. — "i.\ m' Cow dery. 

q V; liu was it tlni . ucti il them to bapli ■ and i .... 

..e !i 

A. -Tli ' ' ' n. 

Q.—WI :itl 

^ Tl .. " ' " tl I tl ' ' 

Q. -Wl.at did tl phesy about? 

A. — Al> nit many things that would shortly come to pass. 

y._\V.-i- there anything very remarkable about those baptisms? 

A.— Yes they were th Myotics that liud wa pleased with 

for man> genei atiuiis. 

Q.— What made llim pleasi d with tin m 

A.— B , 





SS6 



JUVBUILE INSTRUCTOR 




|ttesf'bjt^ anil ^.nswcrj! 

OUST TBIB BIBLE. 



FIRS r BOOK OF SAMUEL. 




Q — "What did Jesse do when he received the message of Saul? 

A.— "He took an ass laden with bread, and a bottle of wine, 
and a kid, and rent them by David his son unto Saul." 

Q.- How did Saul feel when David st I before him? 

A. — "He loved him greatly." 

Q.— What did Saul appoint David to be? 

A. — His armorbearer. 

Q. — What message did Saul then send to Josse? 

A.— "Let David, I Dray thee, stand before me; for he hath 
found favor in my sight." 

Q. — What then came to pass? 

A. — "When the evil spirit from God, wan upon Saul, that 
David took a harp, and played with his hand." 

Q. — What i- said lo be the result'' 

A. — "Saul was refreshed, and was well, and the evil spirit 
departed from him." 

Q. — Who gathered their armies together to battle witli Israel? 

A.— The Philistines. 

y. — Who went out of their camp as a champion? 

A.— Goliath of Oath. 

Q. — What was hi- bight' 

A. — Six eubits and a span. 

y. — What did he have on his head? 

A. — A helmet of brass. 

Q — What was he armed with? 

A.— A coat of mail. 

Q. — What was the weight of the coat of mail? 

A. — Five thousand shekels of brass 

Q. — What other armor did he wear'' 

A. — "Greaves of brass upon hi- legs, and a target of brass between 
his shoulders." 

Q. — What was the staff of his -pear like? 

A. — A weaver's beam. 

Q. — What did hi- spear'- head weigh' 

A.— Six hundred shekels of iron. 

Q.— Who went before Goliath? 

A. — ''Dim- bearing a shield." 

Q.— What did Goliath, the Philistine giant, say 1 

A. — ' I defy the armies of Israel this day; give me a man, that 
we may fight together." 

Q. — When Saul and Israel heard these words how were they 
affected? ' 

A. — "They were' dismayed and greatly afraid." 

Q. — How many sen- ,|i.| J.esse have? 

A.— Eight. 

Q.— Hew many of them fell. .wed Saul to the battle? 

A.— The three eldest. 

Q.— What was David'' 

A. — The youngest -en. 

Q.- -What did he do « hen San. went to battle? 

A.— He returnee] to feed hi* lather'.- sheep at Bethlehem. 

Q.— How long did the Philistine present himself before the 
armies of Israel? 

A.— Forty .lay-. 

Q. — At what time of tile day? 

A. — Both morning and evening 

Q.— What did Jesse tell David to do? 

A— To take some parched corn and ten leaves of bread to his 
brethren in the cam].. 

Q-— What was he to take to the captain of their thousand' 

A.— Ten cheeses. 

Q.— What else was David to do? 

A.— To see how his brethren fared and to take their pledge. 



pdestions anil ^usurers 

OUST TBIB 

book: ob nvr o b, :mi o it . 



REIGN ( ) F T H E JUDGES. 



LKSSON C. 

Q. — Whom did Tubaloth appoint as leader of the Lamamtes? 

A.— fjoriantumr, a descendant of Zarahemla. 

y. — Towards ■> hat city did he first march' 

A.— Zarahemla. 

Q. — Was it well defended at this time? 

A. — No; and as lie came upon them unawares, they were not 
prepared to oppose him, and he took the city. 

Q. — What was done with the inhabitants' 

A.— Th»>y were ail slain, Paeumeni, the chief judge, among 
the rest. 

Q. — When Corintumr saw how easy he took possession of 
Zarahemla, what did lie determine to do? 

A. — To attack Bountiful and take possession of the land in the 
north. 

Q. — Through what part of the land did he march? 

A.— The central part. 

Q.— Whom did Moronihah send to stop the Lamanites before 
they should reach the land oi Bountiful' 

A — Lehi. 

Q.— Did Lehi stop them? 

A. — Yes, and they retreated towards Zarahemla. 

0. — What. did Moronihah then do? 

A. — lie opposed them on the other side, and a great battle 
ensued. 

y— Who were the victors'" 

A.— The Nephites; Coriantumr was slain and his troops who 
were not killed surrendered. 

Q. — What did Moronihah do in regard to the city of Zarahemla? 

A.— He re-took it, and he also allowed the Lamanite prisoners 
to leave the la. id in peace. 

Q.— In the forty-second year of the reign of the judges, who 
was appointed to till the judgment seat? 

A. — Helaman, the son of Helaman. 

y. — What did Kishkumen intend to do to Helaman? 

A. — To kill him as he had done Pahoran. 

Q. — Who was the leader of Kishkumen's band? 

A. — Gadianton. 

Q. — What did lie desire to obtain? 

A.— The judgment seat. 

Q. — As Kishkumen was going to kill Helaman whom did he 
meet? 

A — A servant who had heard secretly of his design. 

y. — What did this servant do 

A. — As they were going together to the judgment seat be 
stabbed Kishkumen and killed him 

Q —What did he then do' 

A. — He told Helaman what he had heard and what he bad 
done. 

y. — What did Helaman seek to do when he heard all this'' 

A. — He tried to capture the band, of which Gadianton was 
leader. 

Q. — When Kishkumen did not return what did Gadianton 
do" 

A. — He feared he should be destroyed and ordered his band to 
follow him into the wilderness. 

y. — What was the state of affairs 'or the next three years? 

A. — There was peace in the land. 

Q. — In the forty-sixth year of the reign of the judges what 
occurred? 

A.— There was a great emigration to the land northward. 

Q.— Of what did these emigrants mime houses? 

A — Cement, there being no timber in the land. 





J - IT "VH] IN" I LIE INSTRUCTOR. 




4 lA $ 



m erica* 



BY G. M. 0. 



ANCIENT PERU 




The Peruvian Empire included the greater part of Western 
South America, nor.th and south of the equator, "and, as 
a nation, they were (says Brownell) when discovered by Euro- 
peans, perfectly unique. Such refinements in government, 
such unity of purpose and such perfect system as were observ- 
able in all their customs and usages, have never been even 
attempted, much less accomplished, by any other community 
throughout the globe." Kumors of this wonderful country 
excited the Spanish marauders, and their thirst for gold led to 
many expeditions in search of the land where gold was morj abun- 
dant than iron among themselves. Balboa discovered the 
Pacific while searching for Peru, A. P. 1511. He was led 
across the isthmus by an Indian chief who told him of that 
ocean, beyond which there was acountry where all the common 
utensils were made of the precious metal. At the bay of 
Panama he heard more of this mysterious land of riches. 
He endeavored to find it. but did not go far enough down the 
coast. In his company of adventurers at this time was Fran- 
cisco Pizarro. By intrigue Balboa lost his life and his murderer, 
Pedrarias, founded the city of Panama, in 1519. Puring the 
year 1524 an expedition was fitted out in this new city to go 
in search of the golden country. The leaders of the enterprise 
were Pizarro, who could neither read nor write, Almagro, a 
reckless soldier of fortune, and de Luque, the Spanish vicar 
of Panama. They formed an alliance to discover and rob 
Peru. The vicar furnished most, if not all the funds; the 
others were to do the work. Pizarro being commander in 
chief, sailed down the coast exploring, burning, and robbing 
villages, until he reached the fouith degree of north latitude, 
when lack of provisions and needed repairs to his :rail vessels 
compelled his return. The governor, Pedrarias, becoming 
interested in the affair, a second voyage was made. One of 
the vessels of this expedition went half a degree south ot the 
equator and encountered a vessel ''like a European caravel," 
in fact a Peruvian '■balsa," loaded with merchandise, vases, 
mirrors of burnished silver, and woolen and cot';on fabrics, 
curiously woven. But it became necessary again to send back 
to Panama for supplies and repairs. Pizarro was in the mean- 
time left on an island near Tuuibuz. Here he was doomed to 
wait lor seven months, and was finally obliged to visit Spain 
to get the aid necessary to carry out his designs; and it was 
not until 1531 that the destruction of the Peruvian empire 
commenced. 

The history of this conquest, and the appalling scenes of 
rapine and blood, the wholesale robbery and ruin wrought by 
the heartless horde of adventures, is generally known. Pizarro, 
landing at Tumbez, marched into the country, sending word 
to the Inca that he came to aid him in suppressing the civil 
war, that had but lately threatened the empire. The great 
Inca, Huayna Capac, the conqueror of Quito, had divided his 
empire between his two sons Huascar and Atahuallpa, but the 
brothers could not agree. Huascar had been defeated, thrown 
into prison and finally killed. Pizarro, by treachery most 
atrocious, contrived to seize Atahuallpa, at a city called Caxa- 
malca, murdering over ten thousand of the principal Peruvian 
noMes and, at the same time, people who had visited his camp, 
unarmed and friendly. This proceeding threw the who'.e 



empire into confusion, and made the conquest easy. The Inca 
was required to fill a room with gold as the price of his ransom. 
It was taken by the Spaniards, their promises were broken 
and the Inca Atahuallpa was crually put to death. The 
country subjugated, it was not long before the great empire of 
Peru was reduced to the same condition and under the same 
circumstances as Mexico had been a lew years before. 

The Peruvians were highly skilled in agriculture and iusome 
kinds of manufactures. It was only by their proficient system 
of indu try, surpassing all other nations in that respect, that 
their wealth was acquired and their great public works accom- 
plished. Europeans learned from them the use of the fertil- 
izer called guano, and their aqueducts and canals for irrigation 
astonished the conquerors. Their skill in stone cutting, as 
seen and examined by modern builders, in what is left of their 
temples, aqueducts, roads, and other great edifices, calls forth 
only admiration from the beholder. In the arts of spinning. 
weaving and dyeing they had great proficiency. Their cotton 
was fine, and of woolen cloth they had four varieties made of 
the wool of the vicuna or llama. Considerable taste and skill 
were displayed in the designs and ornaments interwoven in 
their cloth. "They possessed the secret of fixing the dye of 
all colors, flesh color, yellow, gray. blue, green, black, etc., so 
firmly in the thread, or in the cloth already woven, that they 
never faded during the lapse of ages; even when exposed to 
the air or buried (in tombs) under ground. Only the cotton 
became slightly discolored, while the woolen fabrics preserved 
their primitive lustre. It is a circumstance worth remarking 
that chemical analyses made of pie -es of cloth of all the 
different dyes prove that t lie Peruvians extracted all their 
colors from the vegetable and none from the mineral kingdom. 
In tact the natives of the Peruvian mountains now use plants 
unknown to Europeans producing from them bright and lasting 
color." (Von Tschudi, Travels in Peru). Pr. Wood 
(Wandering Sketches, p. 12;!>-C) also gives various descriptions 
of beautiful woven cloth found by him while excavating among 
the ruins of an ancient Peruvian temple. 

They had great -kill in the art of working metals, especially 
gold and silver. They had copper, tin, lead, quicksilver, and 
iron. ' 'Iron mines were worked on the shores of Lake Titi- 
caca, Peru, long before the discovery" (Baldwin's Pre-hi<toric 
Nation.-). Iron ore was and still is abundant in that country. 
The gold and silversmiths hid attained great proficiency in melt- 
ing, refining and casting in moulds of clay the precious metals. 
Most of the gold and silver work of these artists at the time of 
the conquest was melted by the Spanish for coinage. One 
of the old writers, describing a palace, says, "They had an 
artificial garden, the ?oil of which was made of small pieces of 
fine gold, and this was artificaliy >own with different kinds of 
maize, which were of gold, their stems, leaves, and ears. 
Besides this they had more tharr twenty sheep (llamas) with 
their lambs, attended by shepherds, all made of gold." Go- 
mara places thisgarden on "an island near Puna." Otherearly 
' writers mention similar gardens. In a description of golden 
articles sent by Pizarao to Spain in 1034, there are mentioned 
"four Hamas, ten statues of women of full size, and a cistern 
of gold so curious that it incited the wonder of all" (Baldwin). 
The old chroniclers mention nothing more frequently than the 
vast quantities of gold in Peru. It being more common than 
any ather metal, the palaces and temples were covered with it. 
It was wrought into very beautiful designs for temple and 
household furniture and utensils, and imitations of almost 
every object found in nature. . Puring the first twenty-five 
yeirs of the conquest, the Spaniards S2trt to Spain from Peru 
$800,000,000 worth of gold, all of which had been taken froi 





arij-viEjiLTiLEi ifstructob 




the P "booty." The most perfectly manufactured 

of j)0 have been fi me of them of 

! Blvero "Jt ! i ' ; ly there exists in 

many htm e.s, pitchers, large jars, and earthen pots of this 
manufacture, which are preferred for their solidity to thore 
manufactured by our own potters." 

The Peruvians were inferior to tb C n il \ i in ■ 
in the i ■' and 01 Scii 

very ! ' loped, but in tl action oi 

roa-ls atii] I heir - : ''; rioi ■ igiu in, : •!'. dis] 

itsel.'. Their knowledge of botany is shown h) tht art ofpre- 
parin ilo I the many useful medecines in use. ha tron 

omy they were behind the Central Americans; however, they 
had a i a scurate measure of the solar year, which they di , ided 
into twelve months, and they used mechanical contrivances 
with success to fix the times of the solstices and equinoxes. 
The art of writing in alphabetical characters, it appears' was 
unknown to the Peruvians in the time ot the Inca«. 
( To be Continued. ) 



DVT. A. T T E K/ S. 




lf^F- have received from Elder Ge»rge Goddard, Assistant 
' ' General Superintendent of the Territorial Sunday School 
Union, in the form of a communication, the following, which 
will be doubtless read with interest by all who are in any way 
associated with the Sunday School cause: 

''At our last "two monthly meetings of superintendents and 
teachers we have recommended the appointment of a commit- 
tee from the teachers of each Sunday School to canvass through 
their respective Wards with the view of increasing the number 
oi subscribers to your invaluable periodical, and we also strong- 
ly urged upon each superintendent the benefits that would 
result to the children of their Sabbath Schools if they would 
make a more liberal use of it in their classes. 

"In the 1 3th Ward Sunday School we called for nine volun- 
teers, one for each block of the Ward, which was cheerfully 
responded to by both male and female teachers. Last Sunday 
several reported, and the result was very satisfactory, being an 
increase of from three to five on each block, making in the 
aggregate between thirty and fifty new subscribers from the 
13th Ward. If the same plan were adopted in each school, 
and the result no more favorable than .with us, it would add 
nearly a thousand new subscribers to your Salt Lake City list 
alone: and having equal confidence in the country superinten- 
dents (based on past experience) in their willingness to carry 
out our suggestions, we look for great results from a thorough 
canvass throughout the Territory, especially if Bishop Hunter's 
axiom is carried out, 'Many hands make light work;' in this 
way the yoke tits easy and the burden is light. 

"We would respectfully suggest that the Questions on the 
Bible and Book of Mormon be reduced to one half their pres- 
ent number in each issue, to aflord the children an opportunity 
of committing them more thoroughly to memory than they 
possibly can, as now published, a whole column being no easy 
task to accomplish. 

"Will you please make known the name of Elder Levi W. 
Richards as the present secretary of the Deseret Sunday School 
Union, for the benefit of the county superintendents, to 
whom their reports should hereafter be addressed? 

"We would not omit making honorable mention of his prede- 
cessor, Elder John B. Maiben, the faithful and devoted scribe 
of the Sunday School Union from its first organization until 



within a few months past, wl i he called and ordai 

Bishop, to labor in Manti, Sanpete Co. May his future labors 

shed as 1 ■ ' ■ ls a his past servi 

have won for hiai 



Elder R. Bill -in identof 

Webi .' I ' -in! . th:i i more 

nowbein I ' 'ounty. 1 

Ogden ' 
which 

trict under the age of ye 

order to in inl in J iidauce 

at the Sunday Scb ols, 

of the Wards, to visit the paren » an 1 impress upon them the 
necessity of sending their children regularly every Sabbath 
morning, and s» far as the labors of the committee have 
extended, the results have been most gratifyng. Like com- 
mittees are about to be formed in the other Wards. Brother 
Ballantyne is devoted to the cause of Sunday Schools, and is 
actively engaged in bringing those of Weber County vp to his 
conception of what they ought to be. His efforts in behalf of 
the Instructor, as also those of other Superintendents from 
whom we have have heard, are duly appreciated. 



Br a letter from Thos. E. Daniels, Superintendent of the 
Payson Sunday School, we learn that a greater interest 
is being taken in Sunday School matters in that place than 
ever before, there being an average attendance of four hun- 
dred and fifly; which we would consider very good for so smal 
a town as Payson is. 

m ■ -^>-~ <-»— 

E 1ST I G- HVX A. . 



BY KOLI.0. 



I am composed ot 16 letters: 
My 10, 7, IB, 5 is a female's name; 
My 6, 11, 10, 5 is to decrease; 
My 11, 9, 5 is a beverage; 
My 2, 15, 6, 5, 9 is a household article; 
My 16, 3, 2 is an adverb; 
My 15, 4, 5 is a number; 
My whole is the name of a celebrated general. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 22 is Chris- 
topher Columbus. The following have sent correct solutions: 
E. Ballinger, Pleasant Grove; J. H. Watkins, Ogden; M. C. 
Morris, Woods Cross; John Walton, Isabella Walton, Mill 
Creek; J. G. Barnes, Kaysville; Chas. Lindholm, Tooele; also 
E. H. Brooks, Nellie T. Cooper, Geo. S. Taylor, Wm. T. 
Cooper, George Margetts and Wm. Jenkins, Salt Lake City. 



J"XJ^7"EnSriIjE I1TSTE/TJGTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum - - $2 00. 

^"•Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lako City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be direoted, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor" 




